
### 2020-09-20 18:41 (continued - unmerged)

ok, after a few computer restarts, I'm just going to do it here...

---

anyway, in the middle of all of that overwhemment, a guy came over to me and got me to talk to him about mushrooms for a bit, and he was kind of pushing me to sort of leave, claiming that I was creeping out the girls, and I didn't really mind because I had already collected quite a few mushrooms, but what I was interested in was continuing on learning how to feel with that positional awareness. just in the few minutes that I was there, I went from not being able to feel much more than a kind of "soup" of stuff, to being able to start to actually tune into different almost locations.

it was really hard because, I could feel some desire and I could feel some other bits almost of discomfort[^1], but how in the world would I be able to tell from where it was coming from, right? I can't just say, yes to all of them and to figure it out or something because I was overwhemed. I thought of that as a solution, but decided against it, and to instead settle down and try to isolate and locate the different feelings. it worked surprisingly well.

so the guy kind of shoes me away and I go to walk home and I decided (logically) that because I thought I couldn't really get a good read, then I would just consider the event to be some sort of practice. however, the feeling persisted that I should try and make an effort to come up with something. I decided that I would just go with the ones that I could remember, or that made an impression on me. those were a blonde girl in the middle area, and a red-haired one pretty close to the same position, too. there was also one that I was feeling far over to the left there. I first sensed her when I noticed them and decided to, instead of walking through their group, to go the long way around to the tree with the mushrooms. thing is, I didn't get to really locate or isolate her very well, and I don't know much about her, other than black, probably her hair.

I'm just not good enough at this yet. I want to be able to practice more, because with the increasing difficulty, I just wish I could ... I don't know what I want, but I did enjoy the practice, and I know that if I got a bit of a longer chance, then I could get really good at it.

---

- around a week ago, nearby to where I cross the swamp, there was a white car with a man and a woman inside of it. if felt like they were petitioning for their daughter(?). I didn't feel it very strongly, but I explained why I think that was above
- I also noted that the reason why there were 3 random pairs of pants that showed up on the sofa up on the hill, was that they belonged to 3 girls. again, I think the reason why I couldn't feel them very strongly was for the same reason I mentioned above.
- on friday, after identifying the three girls that I could remeber, I kept feeling a something more, and I really don't know why, but I feel very inclined to invite the daughter of the man that talked to me about the mushrooms to join as well, if she wants to.
- minutes before this, and the reason why I decided to write this in this moment is because I was watching mom watch a NCIS episode, where there was a girls bike race that I thought was pretty hokey (hopefully I didn't think too many bad thoughts about it, lol), but I seemed pretty interested in the girl riding the bike[^4] and when I went upstairs to go get food, I felt very strongly that I should write this now and include her as well.

dang.

[1]: this is a weird thing, because it wasn't like bad vibes discomfort, but more like they were thinking that I was paying attention to what they were doing or analysing their performance or something. I wasn't. because of how weird things are with me and others watching theirselves through my eyes, I sense a lot of performance anxiety when I'm around people. it creates huge problems[^2], I try and pay as little attention to the exact movements, or sounds or whatever is being produced, and instead focus on the feeling. as long as I do that, which is hard, because sometimes, for example like with jon, I couldn't because he was complaining that he can't use his mind or something while I was listening to him talk. I was going to watch him and give him my undivided attention, but apparently that's too difficult, so I opted to just trying to listen in the background while doing something else -- but that didn't work either. so, I don't really know what to do about other people's discomfort, cept ignore isn't the right word, because I just focus on trying to feel the best feeling part from what is coming from them.

[2]: for example, it's hard to watch streamers because all I have is the ability to see them on the screen or hear their voice (I'm not in the same room as them, so their feeling is much harder to pick up[^3]), so I tend to hyper analyse their movements and their voice when they're streaming. this creates huge problems, like dani, jon, kripp, or thijs. the only one I really felt comfortable with watching was turbo knight, because I could focus on how the music sounded.

[3]: anyone who's learned another language would know what I'm talking about here when I say that it's easier to understand talking to someone in a language you don't understand very well, in person, and things like phone or skype conversations are considerably more difficult because so much of the non-verbal communication is missing.

[4]: there were multiple girls riding bikes, I know. I honestly can't remember now what all was even happening. I remember one went back to save a girl, and jaron made the comment, "that's why you shouldn't save anyone" -- and I remember black and pink, but that's it. that's all I can remember now from the whole thing, and I just saw it maybe 40 minutes ago... I can remember the feeling though. man, physical senses/memory these days is getting pretty awful, I admit. it's not *REALLY* that bad, I assure you. it's just a phase I'm going through. it'll get better again.

### 2020-09-25 09:58

real quick ones here. first, a few days ago I was walking back from the field and I saw a woman that was about where the tire I had erected on the top of the hill. I would like to invite her daughter to join if she wants.

then on the 21st, I went to go get my blood taken and I was chatting with the blood taker. I didn't think much of it and I honestly either didn't notice that she mentioned her daughter, or it was deleted.. anyway, a few days(?) later I remembered her, and I would also like to invite her to join in, if she wants.

:)

### 2020-09-28 18:24

yesterday I stumbled upon a great [youtuber named tina](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxq9PsBVarBK9BpG9SYQF7w) and I seemed to be able to feel her quite strongly. I also really like her interests... she's totally invited if she wants to join in.

this morning when I was walking back to the house, I was putting my coat in my backpack and a noticed a girl getting in a truck. I wasn't quite sure I felt it well enough, but as time has passed now, I feel more sure about it. she's also wecome to join in too if she wants. :)

man, what a weird day, btw... :)

### 2020-10-02 10:55


a few days ago I was out on the field and I was in a dream when a girl showed up (I think she had blonde hair) and she presented me with the idea that she wanted to join, saying, "I can translate russian and roman for you" (or something like that). I was so startled that I didn't know what to think. a weird thing popped into my head where I was reminded that I can't say no to girls or something like that which caught me off-guard even more, so I decided to feel her to know that way instead and I liked the way she felt. I went to turn around and look for her but I couldn't find her; she had vanished but I could still feel her. I woke up (or maybe someone else woke me up) and I rememberd it so that I would write it down. it took me a few times to remember, but I didn't forget :) anyway, I'm assuming she's real cause of nosebook's response. that's pretty amazing! she's definitely invited to join if she wants to.
today while picking mushrooms in the park, there was a couple(?) that got out of a truck in the parking lot, and I didn't think much of it. however, when I got home I could feel some reactions to it and also feel her as well. anyway, I can feel her strongly, so, I concluded that if that was a thing, I'm want to extend the invite to her if she wants to join.

### 2020-10-02 19:35

just went down to the park with jaron cause I wanted to see the mushrooms. they weren't grown yet, but I felt like asking jaron if he wanted to stay a little while longer. there was a man and a girl in a purple shirt that walked by and greeted us. I didn't really get it at first[^1] -- not sure why it wasn't super obvious right away, but I got the message :) I'd like to make sure and extend an invite to her if she'd like to join.

[1]: was she was feeling shy? because I mean I did all of a sudden just want to go to the park, so she did attract it, which is quite notable in itself :)

### 2020-10-03 20:40

earlier today I went down to get some mushrooms because I came home early last night and slept here. along the way I could hear some girls screaming (not like screaming in pain or something, but more like to get my attention) around near to where carefree #3 house would be. I don't really have much go work with because I could only hear them and they seemed persistent enough that it was something that they wanted. I want to extend the invite to them as well, so they're welcome to join in too if they want.

### 2020-10-06 11:40

today walking back from the park there was a girl running along masari that I passed while I was singing DARE (by gorillaz). I didn't think much about it when it happened, but then when I got home I started feeling reactions. if she'd like to join in, I'd like to extend the invite to her as well :)

### 2020-10-12 16:13

a few days ago, I was reminded of a youtuber that I unsubscribed from, and it felt like I was feeling strong desire  from her. I decided to feel her out when I was out on the field and I really liked what I felt. it seemed to me unmistakeable that I should extend the invite to her as well. I went home and looked at her channel though and tried to watch some videos, but seeing the videos, I realised quickly that she felt, in reality, nothing like how I had felt her on the field. the problem for me here is do I follow my feelings, or not? my feelings have never been wrong, up until this point, and I've said on numerous occasions that I trust them more than my physical senses at this point, so this example puzzled me -- a lot. I have to just go on the faith that what I was feeling is some sort of echo of the future (pun intended), and that we'll just have to see how it turns out over time.

I thought to myself that actually this may be the case with some of the other girls as well, and I feel/felt them as different than they are in their now present reality (this has been carrying on for quite a while, I admit). I kind of like the challenge actually, because I can still get back there and remember what any of them originally felt like to me. I developed this capacity in relation to my programming, because I would have an idea, and before 24h had passed, nosebook would have pooped on it and it no longer felt like it originally did for me, so I had to constantly go back and find the original feeling and work from there. it's not hard for me, and I do feel her desire strong enough still that I think I do want to extend the invite to [echo gillette](https://www.youtube.com/c/EchoGillette) as well.

next, yesterday I was watching, matt parker's SNN (spreadsheet news network) bit on youtube and he gave a shout out to seth meyers and referenced the yu tbe clip. he got the timestamp completely wrong in the link, so I ended up watching the majority of the video. I was looking forward in the thumbnail preview of the videos when I saw what appeared to be family pictures or something (he was thanking people cause it was his last in-home taping) and upon seeing some of the photos, I felt some sort of attraction and closed the video immediately. however, the event has been "plaguing" me (showing up repeatedly, sometimes multiple times a day) for quite some time now. I honestly don't know what to make of it, and I feel resistance to going back to the video to try and figure out what it was that I was feeling so I'm not going to. I don't feel bad about whatever it is, so I guess, it's a yes, and I suppose I'll find out whatever that was about later on when things finally develop further. I do feel good about it though, so really kinda a weird experience.

last, when I was watching @[abe-now](2020-10-03 p2) video, at about the 39m mark a woman with 5 children writes in, and honestly I don't remember much of what the conversation was about, because I kept feeling strong desire from one of her daughters. I could feel one strongly, and perhaps there was a second one as well, but I'm not sure -- as you know nosebook is very good now at making sure I don't feel the physical sensation of those emotions anymore. I slept on it, and I feel good about it when I woke up, so I do want to make sure that the one I could feel strongly is invited.

### 2020-10-14 21:47

last night I had a difficult time getting up to go star-watch. there was a very memorable dream for me which happened though. I was in spain and the spanish were going to throw a huge slosher for me, and there was going to be a lot of drinking and a lot of kids there. I "knew" that this was fwh's attempt to kind of squeeze as many last inclusions in as possible. it was also really weird how it seemed to me that I "knew" that what had been happening was actually the opposite of what I thought... in all of the timelines that were setup, I was so successful, he (I) went back to alter them, not to reduce their scope, but to expand them further, with each expansion more and more girls were added...

anyway, knowing that, I was waiting for the most ridiculous slosher to start happening with a bunch of kids around, but it didn't happen. I can't remember much of why, but I think the dream got aborted, which is why I woke up. anyway, there was a little girl in yellow that was there at the end of the dream that I quite liked. I'd like to invite her to join in if she wants.

---

I realise this is a bit weird I suppose, as it seems weird that more and more girls are beginning to "invade" my dreams, but whatever; I'm gonna go with it. also, it's a bit weird too because the "knowledge" I had in the dream implies that we're heading into the final stretch here, but I think that's kind of obvious considering the rate of acceleration.

---

the next weird thing that happened just now, is today was I was listening to a kevin hart on youtube (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5ZqfulHMac)), and literally while I was writing this the thought popped into my head 3+ times now to include her as well. dude, like I dunno what's going on, but I feel good about it, so if she too would like to join, that would be great :)

### 2020-10-17 10:12

ok, starting off here, a few days ago there was a woman that was in a camper out on the field, and she met me on the ramp up from the swamp where a bunch of trash is on the ground. I have to assume that she was intending to request for me to invite her daughter, and I think it's fine. I feel fine-good about it, so sure :)

next, on thursday, I was walking down to friendly harbor. I was walking down the off-ramp to jerry murphy and I saw a girl in the car coming up the off-ramp. I think she was wearing blue. I could feel desire, so I want to invite her to join in if she wants to, as well.

finally, yesterday I met a nice girl at the friendly harbor named luna that I could feel most of yesterday and quite a bit of last night, until I lost consciousness. if she would like to join in, I felt a pretty good conncetion to her (btw I love that "natural consequences" idea, too. I think I'm going to "borrow" it :)) [EDIT: I felt a little resistance after writing it, and then I woke up and felt less -- like it was ok, but I think it's ok to let this sit for a bit. TBD]

### 2020-10-18 21:18

just now I was listening to @[abe-now](2020-10-10 p1), and at around 41:00, there is a letter sent about a woman's 11yo daughter that has anxiety around following the rules. she feels good to me, and I was quite distracted by the feelings that I was receiving. I had to take a break from the workshop cause I couldn't concentrate. I'm back now and I decided I wanted to invite her to join if she wants to :)

### 2020-10-24 23:47

I was watching robert's latest video on lucifer and fire symbolism (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/jf0woIGB25Q?t=498)) and he was talking about the yazidi culture. I didn't specifically feel any direct connection to anyone that I saw in any of the photos in that video, but I did keep thinking to myself that it would be really cool to have some yazidi girls joining in too.

I don't really know what more to say, other than that. I'm just sort of putting it out there so that LOA can take it from there.

### 2020-10-31 23:05

yesterday matt posted another video with some card tricks in it, and I didn't think much about it, however later when I was up on the field, it sort of became obvious that I wanted to invite diana (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/BbnbfKbgf5Q?t=575)) to join in if she wants. pretty unexpected, but I like it :)

### 2020-11-02 21:36

just now watching @[abe-now](2020-10-24), I could feel very strongly the first girl (the 13 year old daughter) that was in the hospital, and I wanted to invite her to join if she wants to. she feels very good.

then, just now I was ... it was weird because I felt something when abraham said:

> "by speaking what you want, calibrating to what you want, letting them witness you doing the work. when you feel negative emotion, own it -- even say it out loud and do something about it -- and let them witness you using your guidance system on purpose, and then thriving in the exact way that you want"

and then when I was thinking about it, it felt strongly to me that I want to invite the other girl that was mentioned in the end as well: the one which esther met at "random" on the street with her mother and they shared a moment together enjoying each other so much.

that makes me wonder, because it seems like there was a connection between that quote above and the sudden realisation that I wanted to invite her as well... I guess, if one day I meet her, I'll ask her :)

### 2020-11-03 09:48

I want to make sure and invite the daughters of robert grant and muhammad ibraheem just in case they want to join. yesterday I felt some confusion on the subject, but last night I feel like it's ok to invite them if they want to join, as well.

### 2020-11-04 16:58

yesterday (11-03) and the day before (11-02) I wanted to see a jack-o-lantern on the porch of one of the apartments I walk through on the way to the fiold. the first time I heard some sort of scream (not a bad scream) from a girl. I wasn't sure if it was a girl that was signalling that she wanted to join, but it happened again yesterday, and I'm fairly certain that it was. anyway, I want to extend the invite to her if she wants to join. I really like the way she feels. can't wait to meet her :)

### 2020-11-04 21:37

earlier I was put to sleep and I had a weird dream. there was a guy that was telling me some things but I couldn't hear him. I became aware of a girl in the background somewhere, and then I can't remember exatly what was next but I said something like, "ovbiously we're talking about shuffling the deck of cards" or something like that (my response even surprised me too, because I said something like "obviously we're talking about", when I couldn't even hear what the guy was saying). I looked at the girl, and she was looking at me and there was like this implied question if she could join, and I was thinking in my head yes, but before I could say it, she gets very excited. I went to hug her and tell her "see you soon", when a bunch of other, people in the room freak out and say something like "not until after the graduation"[^1][^2]

I high-five the guy, and she runs off. as she's running off, I can feel her thinking about it, and it feels very strongly to me, and when that happens, I start to like float upward and begin to fly a bit. I say that to the guy because I can feel she is very happy, so I go to high-five him again but I can barely see him, and when he awkwardly high-fives me back, I realise I'm kinda standing like to the side and behind him a bit. it was like a weird angle (I couldn't really see him). anyway, I woke up kind of concerned because I didn't know what to think about feeling the girl's excitement allowing me to fly. I don't really want to rely on them for that capability. no matter the case, I thought I would write it out here even though I said yes already in the dream state.

there seems something really weird about this dream. I can't quite figure out what it is, and did it have any relation to the one I wrote out previously @[a-list](2020-11-04 16:58)? my initial thought on it is that it may be the same girl. if it is, then I suspect that the dream was designed to get her to feel strongly in a controlled environment so that they could neutralise her feeling in my perception, because I could feel the girl in the previous entry really well before the dream, and then after waking up I can't feel her anymore, or the one in the dream either.

I guess it's for the best, because after-all I my desire is to figure out how to do all that stuff from my own focus, and not having the girls as the condition to why I can do stuff like fly. I want to get it for myself. I want the girls too, but I really like the idea of accomplishing it for myself.

[1]: I this is what I found very weird, because I don't know what the invisible people in the room are talking about. if graduation were what I call "getting connected", this is a very strange thing because in other dreams, it's made very clear to me that this *won't* be happening, and I sort of just accept it and wake up and do my own thing, kinda like "yeah ok mom, whatever".

[2]: another weird thing about this, is that I don't know what they know. this sort of implies that if I were to hug a girl they feel like they would loose control of me, *in a dream*! I was aware that it was a dream which is why I wanted to say, "see you soon", but ever more than that, how do they suppose that I'm so close. it just didn't make much sense to me at all. maybe I'm closer than I think I am. my own desire to get this for myself means that nothing would have happened, so likely this is a manifestation of their fear -- even though my desire to get it for myself *is* still stronger than their fear... whatever... I don't care anymore, and I was even thinking that maybe I want to optimise for them to continue to reset me back. it will be the most beneficial for all.

### 2020-11-05 16:02

yesterday I mentioned a lost cat on a sign that I had seen near belvista in @[noseblog](2020-11-04 08:02), and I didn't think much about it. anyway, earlier today I was walking back and I looked at the sign and I was thinking about what I said when I began to feel something when I noticed her email: brittany.m.campbell@gmail. I didn't get it at first but now I want to invite her to join if the wants to :)

### 2020-11-05 16:07

I'm also reminded of a sign that I saw the day it snowed (day before?), on the corner of nottingham and troy for a yard sale. I remeber the street was a street I had never haerd of ... something 158? I really can't remember the street, but it doesn't matter. the yard sale sign had stars drawn on it, and that's what made me think that it was perhaps a message. anyway, I want to invite her to join in too if she wants to :)

### 2020-11-05 16:11

finally, I have been putting this off for quite some time now, but I want to remember that there were two older girls at the apartment complex that attracted my attention a few times. one has a white fluffy dog and the other I described as "bouncy". I said I want to remember them so they don't get lost in the shuffle, cause there were definitely times when I liked the way they felt, but then at other times it feels confusing and unsure. I want to decide on these in a future date because I feel there is resistance and stuff, that I don't want to give a definitive right now and to figure it out later when I'm more clear headed.


### 2020-11-09 23:55

this is kind of a lengthy one because for some reason I've been putting it off for a while. I wrote it on the 9th but then wasn't satisfied with it, so I held it off, but now I feel ok about it, so I'm just going to put it here.

there is a woman that I used to see often riding her bike. one day recently I saw her again. she looked more attractive to me than previously and I didn't think anything of it, but then later I was watching stars and I began to realise that perhaps one of her other daughters wants to join as well. I want to make sure that any of her daughters that want to join are invited.

next, the night before last, before I wrote @[noseblog](2020-11-08 01:02), I was walking out to the field as I was talking to myself when I heard a girl make a scream sound around bristol. at first I wasn't sure what it was all about, but I want to make sure she's invited to join if she wants to.

this one is from a while ago, but in @[youtube](https://youtu.be/jf0woIGB25Q?t=1213), I kept getting reminded that I could feel something there. however, there are so many different girls in that scene playing with the bubbles, I can't really figure out which one it could be. it's more than likely more than one, but my sensitivity isn't *that* good... I think it's best because I don't really feel anything negative around it to invite all of them in that section there. there are quite a few. just for posterity, I will enumerate the ones I see and any of them that want to, may join if they wish:

- 20:21
  - pink jacket
  - pink dress
  - white shirt/dress
- 20:25
  - bright pink and red
  - pink shirt & blue jeans
  - multi-coloured jacket
- 20:39
  - black shirt with flowers

this exercise made me feel somewhat uncomfortable. I'm sorry for the discomfort... it's done though though and I feel good about it. I hope everything works out ok here.

last night when I was listening to @[abe-now](2020-10-31 p1), there was a woman that sent in a letter talking about her 15yo daughter that self-harmed. I felt a little alarmed at this because previously when I heard those sorts of words, I began to feel the girl. however, in this case, I did not. I said thank goodness, because it was seemingly starting to become a pattern. however, last niht watching stars, I was thinking about another part in the episode when I had a strong negative reaction to the bit on a woman loving her son when I began to feel her. I think it's worth noting that it's really important to own how you feel and that no feeling in itself is "bad" -- and so I want to invite her to join as well if she wants to.

### 2020-11-11 23:57

I hope this one goes through... yesterday (I think -- can't remember), I was walking back downstairs and there was a girl on a netflix program that mom was watching with darker hair that I noticed. I remember it was right after I was writing about the not needing a manifestation, and I thought to myself something like, "well, if I remember her again on another day ... I'll invite her". something like that. I really can't remember it well. hopefully this is enough detail to figure out which one I'm talking about, but I was indeed just reminded of her, and so I want to invite her to join if she wants to, as well.

### 2020-11-16 19:51

yesterday (or the day before), jaron was watcting some movie that reminded me of max max meets entourage, and there was a little blonde girl in there that I later while star-watching realised that probably wants to join. I'd like to invite her to join in if she wants to.

also tonight, while listening to @[abe-now](2020-11-07 p2), the last question that was sent in, was from a 16 year old asking if we are really the "God" we've all been looking so hard to find. I really liked their explanation that we've been giving "God" the label of the creator of our reality, however, it's more like us that's the creator of our reality, so in that sense, we are "God". I really like owning that I'm the creator of my reality and that what I am experiencing is *is* a reflection of how I feel... that invigorates me so much. the only reason why I haven't brought this up is because I really dislike religious words, and so you will notice that I almost never mention "God" in relation to me, because of the limitations of that word (though I have mentioned YHVH). however, that is essentially the message I've been eluding to this whole time. you really can be anything that you want to be and you don't have to be limited by physical reality either. I am certain of this, and it's only our own limiting forms of perception which prevent us from realising this. anyway, I'd like to invite her to join in too if she wants.

### 2020-11-20 11:43

the night before last I had a dream and I don't remember the dream very well, but I think someone showed me a picture or something. somehow I became aware of this girl that it felt to me like I had seen many times previously in dreams, and she was anways around another girl I used to know in tuenti named laura rus. anyway, when I saw the image, I recognized the girl and I said to myself something like, "I really like her!!" and that was when I woke up. I thought about it for a bit after waking up, and I don't really know, but maybe it could be her sister or something. I'm not really sure. anyway, I want to invite her to join if she wants to.

next, last night I saw the latest video of daði freyr, @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WInX-gVHUPQ), and I felt something quite strong from the girl he was singing with (millie turner). it's really hard to explain anything of this, because I've only had strong sensations the whole time, and I can't really quantify them with words very easily. man does she feel pretty good. I want to make sure she's invited to join in if she wznts to, as well.

### 2020-11-24 23:30

I've been putting this off for a bit again, not for any other reason than I just didn't quite feel it. before I begin, I want to mention that I experienced a lot of "crosstalk" or maybe some coflicting energy on basically all of these. I feel good about them all, however. I really am not at all sure if the crosstalk is experienced on my end or if they had different thoughts going on in conflict to their desire or not (only really they know). that's one of the reasons I've waited so long too, to kind of let most of that settle down.

yesterday, I went to the dollar tree and I sort of put out the idea that I would be on the lookout for any that may want to join in. as I was looking at cards, I finally recognised a feeling, and I saw her, but there was some weird contradicting feelings. when I realised what was happening, she was walking away (or something like that). I really didn't want her to go away though and thankfully she came back. she had blonde hair, I believe (my memory is worse than ever). when she came back, she stood there and I was able to feel her pretty well. I want to invite her to join if she wants to.

there was also another girl that I got some different feelings from. she had black hair with either red of pink highlights (again my memory is really not working at all. I'm so sorry!) I wasn't sure of what I was feeling at first, cause there was like confusion or soomething, but I did feel like there was a solid good feeling a few times. I also want to invite her to join in if she wants to.

this morning when I was waking up, the first thing I remembered was the last time that I was at the dollar tree, there was a girl there, which I noticed, however I was feeling strong resistance as well. the feeling felt like I was trying to take or steal her or something like that. I didn't want to stir up any difficulty so I just sort of left it and didn't bother with it. I completely forgot about the whole thing until this morning when I noted that all of a sudden I wanted to extend the invite to her as well -- you know, just in case she'd like to join :) if she wants to join and it's not a problem, I'd like to invite her to join too.

lastly, when I was watching robert's video on the sons aryas @[youtube](https://youtu.be/TQdTfMnIzeM?t=332), I noticed this girl, and I kept remembering her. she's doing really great. I want to invite her to join in if she wants to, as well.

### 2020-11-27 23:06

ok, been dragging my feet a little bit again on this one. before I begin, I have a sense of depression around the subject coming from other people. I suppose the idea is maybe perhaps that there are too many or something, but the thing is, the majority of what I feel are reactions from other people on the subject. I've learned that I cannot adjest how other people feel and I have to find a way to feel the best way that I can no matter the circumstances. I don't wish to make any predictions or anything, but if it feels bad to say no and it still feels good to say yes (dispite people's reactions), then I just go in the direction of what feels good. it's really that simple.

ok, here we go: first, two days ago I walked by jaron when he was watching facebook, and I saw a girl that was arond what appeared to be easter(?) type decorations or something. I had this weird thought that I should invite her, but I didn't plan on inviting anymore from jaron's facebook, because I could feel obvious discomfort from him because I often walk up to him while he's watching facebook and there's a girl there that feels like she may want to join, and I end up inviting her. it is a bit weird... anyway, I walked away and I could start to sense her even stronger. I was thinking, "are you sure" and it felt like I felt a strong yes-type response. this is the strongest impression I had, that it actually made me question if it was her or if it was nosebook. I guess I may find out in the future sometime. anyway, I want to invite her to join in if she wants to. I really hope it's a real girl, and not just nosebook trolling me. really, it felt, almost *too* tangible. weird...

next, I want to invite a girl from brien's video in @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcBKA8abAWE) and @[youtube](https://youtu.be/9UXh5C-bGsE?t=77). she looks pretty happy and I could feel her also quite strongly yesterday morning. I don't know if I have very increased sensitivity or not, but it was like I was right with her and we were like running around or something. very vivid as well. hopefully she would like to join in. I really like her feeling.

this one was also really weird. I felt strangely attracted to view a documentary in in the documentary (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/K0ZUJtwXyY4?t=2817)) there is a girl called saiyana(?) that I started to be able to feel. the documentary was made quite some time ago, so I found that to be quite weird because most certainly she is much older by now and almost certainly different, so I doubted the feeling, yet it persisted, so yeah sounds good. if she wants to join, she's invited. how crazy is that man! so incredible!

I feel like I'm missing one. I'll update again shortly.

### 2020-11-28 23:19

yesterday, when I was watching @[abe-now](2020-11-14 p2), at the very beginning there was a woman that wrote in asking about her 9 year old daughter, and I was feeling her quite strongly. it's really weird when listening because I sort of enter into a weird trance-like state where all I can think about is the girl that they're talking about, and the experience is very tangible and quite vivid. it's almost as if I'm basically in the same room with her or something. it really is quite different. anyway, I was thinking about this because I would have thought that I would experince the "anger" part because that's what they were talking about but instead of feeling that, I could only feel the attraction. the funny thing about that is that they were explaining that you have to give your attention to what it is that feels good -- instead of the stuff that feels bad. good example. as they were talking I was realising that this is very important for me to start getting used to giving my attention to the stuff that feels good -- in general. anyway she got me thinking a lot about a lot of different things and I quite liked how she felt as well, so I want to invite her to join in if she wants to

### 2020-11-30 23:04

I will begin the creation box shortly (probably tomorrow), but I decided that I will write all of them here as well. there are quite a few that I haven't thought about in a while which have popped into my head recently, which I want to write down here. they're all going to go into the box and we'll see what happens there. I'll likely maintain the box and this document together, with their identification number as the date heading here. ok, here we go:

just tonight, mom was watching a show while I was having a conversation with her and there was a girl and a boy that were picking a lock in the show. I didn't think much about it, but I felt like there was perhaps some desire there and I wanted to invite her to join if she wants to.

additionally, at the start of the conversation with mom, we were talking about reality tv shows being scripted and stuff. I kept getting an example in my head of a dr. phil show with a girl that was acting out. I realised later that this was a mental trigger for me to remember a while back another dr. phil show[^1] where there was a girl that I invited to join. this whole thing I can't remember very well and has this strange haze to it, so when I remember more, I'll update.

there was another time when I was watching a show with thad called "goop" and when they showed gweneth's family in a photo, I could feel something there, and also this one is pretty hazy too[^2] -- doesn't matter though. if her daughter wants to join, she's invited :)

last night, I was watching a mathologer video, and then I wanted to click on another one of his videos[^3]. in the video he mentions his daughter laura, which I first noticed a feeling from her in another video about parabolas (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UapiTAxMXE)). I want to make sure she's invited to join if she wants to, as well.

[1]: I can remember one episode where there was a woman that was enabling her son to use drugs, a woman and a man which couldn't conceive, and another where there was a girl that was acting out and needed attention. I honestly have no idea which one it was, or if it even was one of these. I literally cannot remember any details here.

[2]: I don't really think my memory is really this bad. it's very weird how I cannot remember these things now.

[3]: the video is a good one (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSw3Wqoim5M)). he talked about how he obsessed over his kid's shoe tying, leading to a dream about it and some new maths proofs.

### 2020-12-07 00:58

yesterday, we went to the riverwalk, and there were so many different girls there that I felt attraction from, I cannot remember them all. I decided what I wanted to do is to simply acknowledge and invite them all. basically, if I looked at you, and you were feeling something, consider yourself invited. you know who you are :)

this one is a bit of a weird one, but I'm going with it... yesterday I watched lindsey's analysis on borat (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlqWBVea5S4)), and I didn't think much of it, other than.. there are definitely some similarities between that sort of humour and my own style... anyway, I was taking a shower today and it occurred to me that I should invite lindsey as well. the idea felt odd to me, but it didn't feel bad, so I'm going with it :)

last when I was upstairs earlier today talking to jaron, there was a girl on mom's TV with a red shirt or dress that I felt extremely attracted to. I have no idea much more than that. I don't know the show or any more than that. it was weird how strongly I kept feeling the attraction. it was like I knew exactly when to look at the TV, then every time I tried to look away, I kept wanting to look back. I honestly thought perhaps it was tampering or manipulation of some sort from nosebook, but it doesn't really matter I guess... up until now I've learned to trust my feeling, so if she wants to join in she's invited.

### 2020-12-20 02:34

I think this will be my last entry into this document (well, I'm not 100% sure on that). the reason is, I'm going to switch over to the "creation box" idea that they have been promoting. the last week or so, I've felt tremendous resistance to adding more to this -- however, I do not believe the resistance is my own. I'm 99% certain it originated from nosebook. I think that as I keep adding more here, they had to do stuff (make timelines?). I'm not totally sure what that was all about, but it doesn't matter.

the creation box is also kind of nice because I've been writing down a whole bunch of girls that I wouldn't have otherwise written down. it feels easier for me to just think of the box as "the vortex" -- and so I don't have to think of it as based in reality. this document feels more "real" to me. with the girls I've listed to put in the box, I don't restrict myself to this time/space reality, so it's easier in that way.

so why do it then? to feel the realness of "the vortex". everything that you focus on, becomes more and so what I like to feel is that those things are becoming more. we're entering into an age where we're going to begin to live "eternally" transferring our constciousnesses from body to body. therefore, the ones that I listed may be that way now, but they don't have to be. there's no restriction in that way, so I don't perceive that restriction. or, let's say in the proposed idea that I have where I will continue on to make a galaxy, upon which time, I'll put my consciousness back in time to this body and self-sabotage myself. maybe some of the girls want to do that with me too -- who knows, and we'll crash and burn here and eventually "die" -- where we'll simply wake up where we left off making the galaxy. it's a huge amount of beneficial contrast and leaves nosebook with the whole world all to theirselves. we won't need to come back until they desire it -- though, I imagine that I/we'll run various identities here to constantly be coming to the realisation of things we don't want (so we can create the things we do want in our galaxy).

don't worry, after we've created something magnificent (like ancient egypt), we'll likely turn it over to the world class wrecking crew, to make even more contrast :)

in all of those situations all of us (including those girls) will obtain new bodies and will have tons of opportunities to create all sorts of fun/interesting realities. again, there's no restrictions, so I don't perceive any. it doesn't even matter for example that I have the exact time and reference to the youtube video for it to work. LOa knows exactly who/what I'm talking about, so it all works out. there's no need to try and micromanage everything. who do I trust more to make my reality: my own focus, or nosebook? know what I mean? so, like I said, probably the last one.

---

in @[abe-now](2020-12-05 p2), at the very end, I could feel something from the girl that wrote in about her grandmother in the assisted living facility. I could also feel something too with the woman that wrote in at the very end about her twins. the daughter I could feel as well. I would like to invite them both to join in, if they want to.

### 2020-12-21 14:06

I also would like to invite anistyn @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hN4VAI7UG-s). I got a comment reply from her mom to one of doug's videos and I wanted to look at her profile. I went there and upon seeing her videos list she had many of anistyn. the initial idea that popped into my head was to invite anistyn. I wrote it down for the creation box, however since then various events have happened, so I would like to invite aubrey as well. both of them are welcome to join in if they want to.

this morning while walking home from the field, I was looking at the trash nearby to the bridge there and I was attracted to a fuscia jacket laying in the trash and a pink towely shirt thing to the side. I didn't understand the shirt thing, but after I picked up the jacket, I could feel something from a girl. I'm assuming it was the previous owner. I would like to invite her to join in too if she wants to.

### 2020-12-21 22:57

today, a nice video appeared on my youtube feed from julia, which I quite enjoyed: @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOZnI0v87RA). I gave a few of her videos a watch to remind myself of her, and I like the way she feels. I would like to invite her to join in too if she wants to.

I wrote these next ones in the creation box, but it seems that the creation box isn't as favoured as this document is. I'm going to begin the process of getting all of the ones in here also into the creation box, just cause I like the way it feels to focus on them, and then put it in there and then "give up on it" -- that is, give up on the effort to it manifesting and just let it sprout. I sort of like to see it sort of like a seed. the box is like putting it into the ground. once it's there, I don't need to worry awout the individual seeds. I only need to worry about the environment being conducive to their growth (water, right time of year, etc.) -- and then they just grow all by theirselves.

a while back, I watched the eurovision song contest movie, but I couldn't get very much further than only a half-hour in or so. it was too cringe for me. I turned it off, but I had some reactions that there was a girl in the movie that wanted to join in. I would feel her and she felt to me older -- like maybe even in her teens. anyway, I was finally convinced to watch the movie again, and after I did I was wondering who it was that I was feeling from the film, when it finally dawned on me that the reason I didn't recognise her was because I was looking for an older girl. turns out it was the girl in the very beginning of the movie: young sigrit. I was really quite amazed because she was so decided and conscious that I didn't expect that from such a young girl. I really want to invite her to join if she wants to :)

finally, I watched a while ago another song by daði freyr: @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COj9SJAiO-w), and I didn't really know exactly what to do because I could feel all sorts of different things in that video. there were a lot of different people. it looks like the girl that shows up in first scene is in a few scenes, but I think the rest of them only appear once. it's really hard for me to tell. anyway. I didn't notice any bad feelings at all, so really anyone of them that wants to join is certainly invited.

### 2020-11-24 21:49

tonight we went down to the riverwalk. I was in a totally different zone. I don't really understand what is going on because once again I feel quite dead again, and everything is dull. however, after leaving the car, when crossing the bridge, I noticed that there was attention on me. at the time I wasn't thinking about any girls, so I didn't pay much attention to anything that was happening there.

later, there was a girl that was wearing green which I noticed and stood out to me. it was weird like I could feel like she was trying to communciate with me, but I literally couldn't feel anything. it was as if I had to use some new ultra-sesitive detector that I had never felt before. from then on I kinda realised what was happening and started to try and get used to the new feeling, which has almost no feeling at all. very weird. I don't know how to describe it.

as I'm writing this I can remember another that was near the waterfall at the end there, but I can't remember if she was before or after the one in green.

following that, there was a girl in pink that was wearing a mask which I saw earlier but hadn't really gotten used to the new sensation (or lack thereof) which stood out quite quite a bit. at this point I was starting to get the hang of the new sensations.

lastly, when we made if finally back to the car, I was seeing a girl in blue(?) walking up on the bridge as we were getting in the car, and I had this sensation that she thought she missed her opportunity.. don't worry, I could feel her clearly now.

so, I'd like to invite any of those mentioned here to join in if they want to.

### 2020-12-26 22:28

two nights ago after I wrote the above, I was reminded after I wrote it that there was some even previous to that. I said I would write it and I wouldn't forget. I'm still getting used to this dullness. I really don't quite feel anything, and it's taking quite a bit of time to get used to it; I have to really try hard to feel anything.

anyway, I remembered a girl that was wearing a red flowered shirt and a grey sweater right before the waterfall. she was walking in front of us, and then passed off to the side. previous to that there were also two other girls which were younger. one was with a man (father?) that looked and smiled at me, and the other one I can't rmember any details. I still hadn't really figured it out quite yet.

if any of them would like to join in, I want to make sure they got invited as well.

man... I really don't like feeling this dull. please bear with my as I get used to it... I'll get used to it soon, don't worry.

### 2020-12-28 23:35

earlier today I went for a walk. upon reaching massari, I suddenly had the idea to go look at a house's light setup. as I was walking over there, I had a feeling like I was going to meet someone. I wont over, saw the lights, and they weren't what they looked like at a distance, so I headed home. walking toward the park I suddenly had the idea to walk through the park home. I then had a sensation that I should continue forward on the street, so I did. I then saw a guy and a girl walking toward me and we greeted eachother. anyway, I wasn't sure at first what that was all about, but I'm pretty sure she was the sensation I was feeling. anyway, I want to invite her to join in if she wants to as well. anyw, btw thanks for the practise :) I'm still getting used to it, but obviously I'm getting much much better... :)

### 2021-01-20 14:50

last night I watched two documentaries. the first was about a tribe in brasil near to the border of peru (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRiNOCUQCC8)). it was pretty cool seeing it, but the one thing I didn't expect is to feel some attraction while watching it. I don't really know what to think, but I decided I want to invite some girls from that tribe that want to join. I don't really know what to say either because the documentary was from 10 years ago, so likely lots has changed since then, however, because I felt it, I decided that I wanted to mention it here that the ones that want to join are invited.

next I watched a documentary on corsica (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnFj5K5rchw)). this time, I could feel attraction to the two girls in there but it wasn't nearly as strong as the previous documentary. I really don't know what to think about this one at all because it's pretty weird feeling. I don't really understand what's happening because I could definitely feel it, though now there's a fair amount of resistance, so I'm just going to leave it at if the two girls in the documentary want to join, they're invited.

finally, earlier yesterday I discoverd a new channel called [ninth heretic](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8OIcUwVRaCE2YoAsfQwjHw). I really am enjoying her content, and in one of the videos I could hear a child in the background of the video and shortly thereafter I began to feel attraction (presumably from her). I went to sleep on it last night and I woke up again feeling it. so, I'd also like to invite her to join in as well if she wants to.

EDIT: man I feel so much better now. before I wrote this I could feel quite a bit of tension, and now that it's written, I feel considerably better. this is beginning to make me consider that a lot of the tension that I feel around this is mostly coming from nosebook. today, I identified quite a few improvements that I can make because things are starting to get more difficult, and so therefore it's causing me to focus a bit more intently. I feel like it's a really good thing. man, I feel a lot better even just writing this edit, as well... :)

### 2021-01-21 20:18

about an hour ago I was watching jaron play a game when a girl on a movie that mom was watching on netflix was attracting to me. I forgot about it, then when I went up to brush my teeth just now, I saw her again and the feeling was stronger. therefore, I conclude that I want to invite her to join if she wants to :)

### 2021-01-23 21:36

yesterday, mom was watching a TV program (dunno which one it was), and there was a girl wearing red. I like her persistence. if she would like to join in, she's totally invited :)

### 2021-01-27 19:17

last week when I was listening to @[abe-now](2020-12-27 p2 29:16), I could feel quite a strong attraction from the single mom that wrote in there. I had difficulty finishing the episode, and I still haven't finished it. whatever. anyway, yesterday I wrote the section there about basiling out on the month of writing in my book, for reasons: @[noseblog](2021-01-27 18:09). when I woke up this morning one of the reactions was that actually one month had passed since that episode, so while I'm being difficult, it still did happen happen after a month.

anyway, so yestreday when I was listening, I could feel her even stronger still and also quite a bit this morning too (though obviously it's gone now), I still want to invite her to join in if she wants too. kind of a crazy thing. I really have been thinking about that sequence of letters quite a bit lately and I can't express how impactful the interction was, even though we don't yet know esch other in real life.

### 2021-01-30 11:44

three(?) days ago, I think after writing @[noseblog](2021-01-27 18:09), I went to go to the bathroom and jaron had a picture of a girl on facebook up on his screen. I felt as if I wanted to keep going and not ask jaron about the photo, so I just went directly to the bathroom, however later I realised I felt some desire there. when I went back out of the bathroom, jaron moved away from the image, so I just moved on, but I've kept remembering it a few days in a row now.

the other one that happened happened last night with a movie that mom was watching with a bunch of screaming kids in it. I kept feeling attracted to watch the movie while playing the gem matching game. I commented on the script of the movie being mostly shouting and jaron looked over. before that there were a bunch of kids doing stuff and I couldn't really tell what is going on. jaron looks over and says that he can't tell if it's a girl or a boy on the screen. I respond that I don't know cause my vision isn't good enough to make out defining features very well. I can kind of feel it's a girl, but due to the previous scenes I didn't know for sure. again, I decide that I was just going to leave it alone.

however, just now when sitting in the sun, I remembered these two girls and also [Geek37](https://www.youtube.com/user/MrThemathgeek37)'s daughter that I had heard in the background of a video a while back. I wrote her down in the book, but since I keep getting reminded, I figure I would put put it here without problems[^1].

finally, I kept feeling another set of feelings in relation to doug vogt from diehold foundation, too. I don't believe it would be his daughter, so perhaps his granddaughter or something. I'm not terribly certain. however, I do feel good about it, whatever it is.

anyway, so if any of these girls would like to join in, they're welcome to join :)

[1]: see: @[noseblog](2021-01-30 12:04)

### 2021-02-20 06:30

I've been reluctant to play this game for a bit, so quite a few have accumulated. I'll likely have to do a few here, but let's get started.

a long time ago, I was browsing the observatory project web page, and I stumbled into some pictures from the last "observing the frontier" gathering. in the pictures there was a girl that was wearing white and another that was wearing purple that I could feel attraction from.

next, right before I stopped writing in this, I kept being reminded of stephen colbert, and likely his daughter. I remember I set out to add her to the list here and when I was thinking about it, I could feel her strongly. I went to sleep and when I woke up all of this had vanished from memory. I kept feeling something but I couldn't figure out what it was for a long time. I wasn't reminded of it until just recently, so it sounds like there is a fair amount of resistance around it. no worries. I'm just leaving this note here as a reminder. there's still a ways to go, and things could change between now and then. we'll figure it out when we get there :)

I also want to invite [johannah](https://www.youtube.com/c/JahannahJamesOfficial) to join if she would like to.

also, and this seems quite random, I was watching another SGD video (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/hn13K69J4Yc?t=873)), and I could hear some girls talking in the background, and strangely enough I could feel some attraction at the same time. she can only be seen for a very brief moment in the video, and I thought it was quite a strange thing to feel something around such an unlikely situation, so I doubted it at first, however, she's popped into my head a few times since then, so she's welcome to join in if she wants to.

~~also, interestingly enough, I've felt attraction to watch [alliestrasza](https://www.youtube.com/c/Alliestrasza) a few times but I just sort of skipped it. finally one day a few weeks ago I clicked on her video and I felt attraction from her, but I don't know what it means. she could just be paying attention to my broadcasts. I can't really figure it out, so I decided to let it sit for a while, but I keep getting pulled back to her videos, so I'll just leave this here as "we'll see I guess". she is invited if she wants to join though. I don't know what I feel sometimes these days because there's more and more noise, so I'll just stay cautious on this one and leave it at that. if it develops, great. if not that's cool too. as a side note, the feeling is kind of how I notice she plays the game too. she often starts out a bit conservative and unsure of what she she wants to do at the beginning of the turn. the feeling feels similar to her play style. pretty cool. ok, let's just see what happens.~~ EDIT: turns out this wasn't a thing[^1].

finally, yesterday when entering into the restaurant and they also passed by later on as they were leaving was a couple with a baby wearing pink. I'd like to invite her to join in too if she wants.

ok, that's good for now. there are quite a few more because I didn't do this for some time. remember this is just that game of soft desire on things that I don't have much resistance on.

[1]: I just add anyone that I feel anything from at this point. what happens is, I feel something from a girl and for a long time I could feel them for weeks or even months after the initial encounter before they would fade away. now, however, it's minutes (I've felt it fade in seconds) after the initial encounter that it fades into an empty feeling or a really pissed off feeling. I usually recognise the pissed off feeling as probably having to do with mr. motor (or something .. who knows), and sometimes it transitions into a feeling of regret, like "oh no, how am I going to cover this one up". I honestly have no idea what happens to some of the ones I've written down here. I have no idea what is going on, and sometimes I've felt the desire multiple times and even gone with it multiple times. I don't really know what happens there, so I just try and remember to write them down as I feel them. if some percentage joins, that's great. if some of them fade away. I have no real way of knowing. I try and do my best.

### 2021-02-20 14:44

today, I took a nice walk out to the field. when I got there, I discovered my sofa setup had been chasnged around a bit recently. I looked in the dresser drawers and there was a bible in it. intrigued I started to flip through it, and there are three pieces of paper:

> to infinity and beyond - emmannuel

with some infinity designs on it that look pretty cool. I don't know my infinity symbolis, so I don't know what the two lines in the middle mean. they may be decoration though as that's what it appears the thorns(?) wrapping around the other one is. not sure. it's cool though :)

> dakarya ♡

with an 8-sided flower 6 coloured stems below the name.

> lulu ♡

with a pink rose and green stems below it

inside the bible there is a different name: edie rodriguez, and the messages:

> I love this bible but I would like to get the message version!

> I give him some thing that cost me

that's very nice :) it seems to me that this was a girl that decided to leave her bible out there so I would find it. thank you :)

---

I'd like to invite edie and her two friends(?) dakarya and lulu to join if they would like to. thank you for rearranging the sofa setup there too (if it was you), and hopefully see you soon :)

next, as I was walking I felt a reaction about the girl I invited in the museum (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/hn13K69J4Yc?t=873)), and would like to invite her friend to join in as well (if she wants to)

finally, walking home at the corner of massari and nottingham, there was a couple that was unloading to get out to go to the park. a girl in pink was getting out there and I could feel attraction, so I would like to make sure and invite her to join in too if she wants to :)

ok, that's all for now. more again soon

### 2021-02-24 01:49

I believe that I have come into contact with evewyone on carefree ct/ln at some point. however I have had a few repeat feelings (or something. I'm not so sure). anyway, to be sure I want to invite everyone on the street. this includes the girl at #11, the girl(s?) at #2, the girl that used to live at #24, and our previous neighbour in #14, greg's daughter and natasha's daughter too[^1].

next, the first day that amorina was here (2021-02-19), the first restaurant we tried to go to had a long wait line. while we were waiting, I kept getting thoughts and feelings pop into my head and I didn't know what was up at first. anyway, it seemed that the girl in orange at the door seemed to be getting into my head and this was causing a bit of distress. I passed over it not thinking much about it, but then later the next day she popped into my head a few more times. finally, I decided I would like to invite her to join in too, if she wants to.

then when we dropped amorina off last night, there was a woman coming out of the hotel with (I'm presuming) her son and daughter. the girl was wearing magenta I believe. anyway, I thought it was certainlyweird but I'd like toinvite her to join too, if she wants.

today, I also had a repeated very strange one pop into my head. a while back (I don't know if it was one or two easters ago), there was a woman parked out in front of our house in a (I think) jeep(?) kind of vehicle. as I was walking by I greeted her and she said to me "happy easter" and that was the last I ever saw her. anyway, she popped into my head today when I was sitting out in the sun[^2] I was reminded of her. anyway, I would like to invte her daughter(?) to join if that's a thing and she wants to :)

finally, jaron told me that my good friend augusto wanted me to contact him on facebook, but I have since had my facebook accounts mysteriously disabled and I can't access facebook without making new email. I told jaron to arrange a time when he sees augusto online cause I'd love to chat with him and stuff. it hasn't worked out. the other night I had this idea come into my head that maybe augusto has a daughter now. I have no idea, but I've had him pop into my head numerous times since then, so if that is a thing, yes! of course :) I'd love it if she joined in! man, that'd be awesome..

[1]: I feel resistance around inviting the whole street... I don't really know what to do becsuse I have indivudually achnowledged each of them, just I feel like I've had some repeats (maybe nosebook is interfering) so I'm just leaving it here like this.

[2]: this is a perfect example of a thought of adding someone that felt good to me literally 90s ago but by now it has faded into a badish feeling. I don't believe the feeling is coming from her. I believe it's feeling from nosebook. I'm writing it down anyway.

### 2021-02-26 12:40

just watching facebook with jaron and sunny's profile came up. it feels like I have a vague recollection of her, but I can't quite place it. I'm not sure I met her, but I feel like I may have. ayyway, janon showed me a picture of what I think were sunny's daughters(?), and also on an infant. I could feel attraction coming from them, so I'd like to invite them to join in if they want to.

yeterday, I was also reminded of eugénie featured in @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvlpIojusBE) and @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4oy6mnkyW4) while I wtas in the shower. I don't know what it means, but I'd like to remeber her here if it is a thing :)

on that note, and also very very strangely because I've tried to ignore it[^1], but casey muratori keeps popping into my head. I find him a clever guy and stuff, but I felt it a while back when reading his email newsletter too. I don't really know what to make of it. I don't know if he has a wife or daughter or anything there. just, because I keep feeling attraction coming from him or someone asociated with him, I'd like to remember him too, if that's a thing as well.

man... ok I'll do it. as I was writing the last one about casey, I kept getting reminded of jon's repetionist(intern?). I keep feeling strong attraction from her. I don't know much about her other than that, but I've definitely felt attraction from her on many ocassions. so, if that's a thing, I'd like to remember that one as well. I'm pretty sure it is. she's welcome to join in if she wants to :)

finally, two nights ago mom was watching a film called "mother robot" or something like that. it was a sci-fi film about what it would be like for children to be raised by robots (like metal ones, not even very human-looking ones at that). I was walking by and there was a girl on the screen. I only saw her for a very brief moment, but I could feel a strong feeling coming from her. I'd like to invite her to join too if she would like to.

there are more thst I hazve itention on adding, but I still feel resistance around them.

[1]: it's popped up like over 10 times now. each time I have dismissed it as just some anomaly or something, but it's repeated enough times that I can't ignore it. for example, I rant to watch jon's latest design discussions video with casey in it, but that it's not that because when I want to watch the video I feel resistance and so I never end up watching the video, but then other times like when I'm sitting in outside or not thinking at all about the youtube (like with the email newsletter), I feel strong attraction (having something to do with girls) which has nothing to do with the media he creates. I can't explain it away with excuses so I'm just writing it here.

### 2021-03-02 17:24

I just went for a walk and decided to come back the normal way (instead of going the way I came in the first place). as I was walking back, I noticed a few girls. first, I was reminded of the twins (and the girl opposite) on the corner of briargate and bonforte, following thst the ones that I saw in the driveway at ~#46 briargate. I dunno why I'm thinking about this, but it was nice to be reminded of them.

as I continued along, I noticed on the corner of massari and briargate a garage open and a girl wearing yellow. following that there was a girl in the parking lot of the park weawing pink (with a dog, I think). finally, at the end of carefree ct, I could see another girl wearing pink. as I passed each one of them, I felt attraction, but there was a bit of uncertainty -- and perhaps it was on my part, because I'm not really certain. however, when I got home, I'm certain that I felt desire. I'd like to invite all of them to join in if they want to. man, I wasn't expecting that... ok cool :)

### 2021-03-02 17:34

additionally, I'm reminded of jaron's aid yolanda. I like her spirit. she'd fiesty and smart. anyway, I feltl like I sensed desire coming from her too, so I'd like to invite her daughter to join in (if she wants to), as well.

ok so, this has popped up a few times now: I was reminded of a log time ago elementary school girl that I don't rehmember very well if we picked on eachother or not but it's weird that I remember anything at all, but her name was carrie durston. I keep getting reminded of her which is weird. I can feel some attraction/desire in there somewhere, which is writing this. I don't know anything about her for years now. I'm going to assume she has a daughter and that's what I feel. I'd like to invite her to join too if she wants.

### 2021-03-07 23:43

earlier right before I was going out to watch stars, mom had another program going on the TV and there was a girl there with red hair. I seemed attracted to her and tried to ignore it. she kept popping into my head though so I think I want to invite her to join if she wants. additionally, there was also a youger girl in pink that I saw there as well. she too can join if she wants to.

then, when I was watching stars, I remembered a few weeks ago I was looking at jaron's computer and he was looking at memes. he pulled up a girl that had a cat poop on her and she was horrified. I thought it was stupid at first to invite her, and that was back when I was feeling so much resistance to inviting more -- so I didn't and I forgot about her. I was reminded tonight.

finally, I have been avoiding this one for a while now for no real reason other that I felt resistance, but now I don't feel it really so much. a while back I saw a v-sauce episode (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHL9GP_B30E)) where michael is talking about time, and he mentions his daughter, then a little bit into the video there's an image of what appears to be his wife using her phone on bed. I can't find the reference quickly so this must mean I want to watch it again. anyway though, as I heard him saw that and saw the image of his wife I could feel attraction. then, for example just now I was about to skip over writing this because I felt resistance again, and right when I did, michael's voice came on in the song. it was very bizarre. I'm pretty certain by now that most (or all) of the resistance I feel now is probabaly coming from mr. motor or something, so it's probably all good. anyway, yes totally, she's definitiely invited to join! (if she wants to)

ok, for reals lastly... as I was writing the above one, I was reminded of amber, JP sears' wife. I'm reminded of her frequently and I'm not really sure totally what is it that I feel, but sure, I think it's fine :)

### 2021-03-08 23:55

yesterday, when I was lisening to abe-now, the question which starts at 37:37, is a mother of 2 children. as abraham was reading the question, the first thing that I noticed is that the mother specifically goes to graet extent to avoid saying the genders of her two children[^1]. I noticed that, and I had a flash in my head that they were girls. I ignored it and continued on. as I continued on, I kept feeling them more and more. finally, when abraham said something like "you can't control your chilren's lust for whatever has their attention right now" -- and about that time I knew for sure that I would be writing this.

whoevr they are, I wounder because it has created quite some thought for me around the subject. I imagined the situation from their perspective. first her mom is frustrated with their overuse of "technology" (nosebook), and so she writes in leaving genders out. she then sees that abraham reads the letter on the broadcast, and I'm sure that between the time of the broadcast and now a whole lot of thought has gone into the subject. perhaps it felt like fear, I dunno, but it felt to me yesterday like a lot of expectation was generated around it -- and I just didn't watch abraham for a while now. it's about 6 weeks later now and I finally got to it. then, this merning after realising it I decided to lay down knowing that I would probably sleep. I felt a pull to write this, but I didn't want to. I said I would do it and that they could expect it.

as I was saying that, I made a cool connection there because I realised that if they could expect that in the same way that they expected me to write this -- knowing that it will happen, that too would happen. it's not coming out the way I want it to now, but this morning it felt like a very significant observation. I wonder why it vanished... anyway, it can come back easily.

ok, yes, if either of them want to join, they're invited :)

[1]: people have wondered why I listen to genders so much, and I don't remember having ever cared before I went to spain. gender means a lot in spanish, so if the person says "soy una madre de dos", they are leaving out the genders, then they can say something like, "tienen 8 y 11 años" again leaving out the genders, at which point I will refer to them in the masculine case when responding ho her. however, if she says, "... tengo dos hijas", then from then on I am *required* to alwasy refer to them in the feminine case. if I don't, and say something like "tus hijos ..." o "si ellos ..." -- then I appear to the spanish as a dumb american who can't figure how to pay attention to what they're saying and has no concept of the language. in order to speak spanish properly very careful attention must me given to the gender of the person and the thing the other person is talking about. if they call a house a "casa" you refer to it in the feminine: "es comoda?" or if they used the masculine "hogar", then "es comodo?" is the proper response. gender matters a lot in spanish. I guess it stuck with me. some part of my brain still needs to constatnly find the poroper gender for what I'm talking about.

### 2021-03-09 23:46

I was going to go watch stars when I realised a few things that I wanted to write down. I was reminded of a girl that I saw a very long time ago one time when I was going to walk (I think) either down to the river or down to see xander. she had a dog with her and I think I was on the corner of mac naughton and robertson when I saw her. it was very brief but I think I said hi to her. it was weird I was reminded of her, so I thought I would invite her to join too if she wants.

then, a few days ago I was watching jaron watching one of the programs on youtube called "smosh". there was a girl with blonde hair (I believe I can't remember how she looks right now) that I could feel attraction from. I thought it was a bit weird and forgot to write it down a few times now, but I'm gonna go with it. so, yeah she's invited to join in if she wants.

yesterday(?), I was watching jaron on facebook and he was showing me something. he went to scroll down and there was a picture of two black girls. I barely saw them before he scrolled up again. I could feel attraction immediately, then later on during the day I thought about them ~4 other times and I could feel them still very strongly. man, I really hope they want to join; I can't wait to meet them if they do.

finally, today I was looking for another psytrance mix to listen to when I stumbled upon a dj named fernana pistelli and I listened to some of her mixes. I was hoping to find some psytrace mixes by girls to add to the collection, however she mostly plays house music. her music reminded me too much of vodka bars I had been too, so I chose not to download her sets, but I did feel attraction nevertheless. I was hesitant for a while, but I could feel what felt like pretty strong desire so I think it's a good idea then. she's welcome to join in too if she wants to :)

### 2021-03-11 23:40

earlier today I was walking by jaron's computer and he had facebook open again to a picture of a girl and a man. I didn't really feel a whole lot at first, but after laying down for a bit, I seemed to be able to feel her pretty good. I'm sure it's ok, though I hesitated a bit because I ... well, there's a bit of hesitation that I feel or maybe uncertainty. I don't know if it's coming from a bigger subject though. I'm sure it's fine becasuse the idea feels good to me now. she's invited to join in if she wants to :)

yesterdy, I finally felt like I wanted to watch the latest "fall of civilizations" episode. when I first saw it last month I could feel some sort of desire attached to it, and but at the time I was feeling so much resistance on the shubject I skipped it. yesterday though all of a sudden I really wanted to watch it and I enjoyed it a lot. when I began the second part, I could feel a lot of aniticipation. later though I ran into some mixed feelings. when I arrived here, @[youtube](https://youtu.be/MC83SpIS49g?t=354), I could feel something so I figured that couuld have been what I was feeling. however when I continued on, another girl showed up here @[youtube](https://youtu.be/MC83SpIS49g?t=565). I honestly was a little confused for the remaining portion of the episode because I was feeling mixed feelings on it. I felt certain at first of the one in orange but then also of the one in black too. I was a bit confused. I feel good about both of them now and they're both invited to join if they want to.

later on in the episode, I was a bit surprised because there was a very brief scene where a little girl showed up in the bottom of the frame @[youtube](https://youtu.be/MC83SpIS49g?t=3846). I couldn't be sure at the moment, but she feels good to me now, so I want to invite her to join too (if she wants to).

### 2021-03-16 23:57

weird times are afoot, indeed...

it may have been more than a week now, but mom was watching a show a little bit ago and I kept wanting to watch this black girl that was on the show. at first I just thought it was just my imagination, so I let it go knowing she would keep popping back into my haed if it was a think. I remembred her again like 5-6 times since, but I kept forgetting. all of the times that I remembered her, she felt really good to me. it may be possible that there is some split energy somewhere because it's felt a bit like a struggle. anyway, mr. motor keeps roaring his motor at the idea and is generally reacting in a pissed off way about it, so that may have something to do with it. I dunno. doesn't matter really that much though. she's totally welcome to join in if she wants to. I have great anticipation to meet her actually becsause when I could feel her, I really really liked the way she feels...

also a little bit ago, I was listenign to the shake-bros podcast on the "giza power plant". they were reading correspondence and someone wrote in talking about he they and their daughter witnessed a very strange snow phonemnon. they described these hollow snow balls and sent in pictures (which I had to pretend I saw bemause this podcast was audio only). the idea popped into my head to invite her as well, however, I thought surely I was just making things up at this time. there's no way that they could have planned it or something. I dunno, I like to find a reasonable explanation for the things I feel, so I left it. it came back into my head though, and then right after I had remembered it and made the determination mo write this, I lost consciousness and when I woke up I had forgotten it. I kept remembering there was someone else other than the girl above there, but I coulrn't get to it. I finally remembered it when I saw the next one.

a few days(?) ago I listend to another snake-bros podcast where tony was talking about the numbers that plato encoded in his description of atlantis. as I was listening to platos's words, an image began to form in my mind about the way that plato perceived the substance (particles?) that makes up the matter. it has two concepts which do not exist in today's perception of matter. one is the concept of perception (you can see the same, the other, and the essence) embued into the matter and ths thsese three parts within all part of the matter. the second is the concepct that the matter has an "essence" to it, meaning that there is an energetic structure to the matter and out of this structrue it contains perception and portion of the physical form. this is very close to the modern concept of a fractal[^1], and he describes this "essence" having the plan to create the thing (which is why I think of it like a structure). it's like energetic/conceptual DNA, and the idea really blow mind. I quickly commented on it, giving my intiial thoughts and have since given it further thought (coming soon, I guess). I noticed I had a youtube notification a few days ago (pi-day 3-14), but I felt resistance to look at it and played a game all day instaed. it was a bit weird. finally, today I decided to see why I felt resistance and wanted to see the notification that was giving resistance. someone had posted "interesting idea" as a reply to that comment. when I saw her profile picture, I knew I would be writing this. I put it off till the last minute, as usual though. I just watched her first video @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8rlDBseVJ8), and in it there are two girls playing in the snow. they're probably her granddaughters. well, I'm glad you thought the concept was interesting :) if either of them would like to join, they're invited :)

finally, tonight I felt somewhat strongly like I wanted to go upstairs. I can't even remember what I was doing up there, but while I was talking with jaron, I was noticing another black girl on mom's tv show that I also felt quite attracted to. I tried to resist and kind of exited rapidly before I even got a chance to see her. when I got downstairs, after some deliberation, I decided that even though I had tried to bail out on this one, I wanted to invite her to join as well. I also recognised some resistance from mr. motor as well here and it felt like some split energy going on the way things played out. doesn't matter to me though. as I was thinking about her while watching stars before this, I liked hew she felt, so yeah... if she wants to join too, she's also invited.

cheers :)

[1]: a convenient mistake. I originally intended to write "hologram" -- in that it is a miniature picture containing the picture of the whole -- yet upon further reflection, it's clearly a fractal as well. it extends radially outward infinitely, constrained only by the self (same)'s definitition of itself in relation to the others. I belive this is how cell division works, each cell containing the DNA for the whole, yet only experessing itself in relative relationship to the others. interesting: after having thought about it now, I like the word "fractal" better than the word "hologram" :) a very convenient mistake indeed...

### 2021-03-19 06:16

I would like to invite both michelle's daughter and also the girl in @[abe-now](2021-01-30 p1) that her mother was concerned about her going on to antidepressants. yestreday was an interesting jounrey which I wrote about briefly (ther were many more aspects I couldn't cover) in @[noseblog](2021-03-19 04:55). I'm absolutely certain about the the antidepressants one. she felt really good to me yesterday and still feels really good to me now. michelle's daughter, I felt energy going in more ways than just toward wanted. it's perfectly fine though. the whole thing smelled of manipulation and it may have been a more difficult way to get there than necessary, but it's all perfectly fine. it's good to have these sorts of "bumpy rides" that turn out ok. one may even say, I specifically attract them :) I do. ok, let's just have some fun

### 2021-03-27 17:04

last friday, I went down to see dr. richardson and while I was there I had a really great conversation with him. at the end, there was a woman wearing maroon(?). she put my socks on after taking the callus down and I could feel something there with her. anyway I really liked her and felt quite good with her. I can't be fully sure what it was that I was feeling exactly, but I did think it was good, so I want to invite her (or her daughter) to join if that's what she wants to do.

we said bye and we were leaving the facility there and I had especially bad eyesight that day and I couldn't figure out what was the weird thing I was seeing on their faces, when I finally realised some of the kids were wearing masks even outside on the play equipment. I suppose it was just unexpected. I didn't think much about it and even commented it to mom. when I got home however, I began to notice some reactions to it. I began to remember one of the girls on the playground there. she has brown hair and I think(!) she was wearing green and lavendar. she kept popping into my head over and over. quite persistent. ever since she has felt quite good to me. I really like how she feels. she's welcome to join in if she wants to.

later on, I can't remember how long afterward, I ras watching this movie called builders of ancient monuments (BAM), and in one of the scenes, [EDIT: find the timestamp] there were two (I'm assuming to be) egyptian girls wearing headscarfs. it was very strange to feel something from a film that I thought was recorded a while ago (turns out it was recorded last year) -- so yeah, I don't really know much about that but I definitely felt it. later that day I wrote the comment I mentioned in @[noseblog](2021-03-22 06:42), and as I went to lay down to go to sleep, it felt like I could feel them very very strongly. that day was also the equinox so energies were higher. the feeling of them is gone now, but I do keep thinking about them and feel them slightly every once in a while. pretty crazy. anyway, yeah they're both invited to join in if the want te.

the day following that, I was talking wits dad on the phone about a bunch of random stuff while sitting at jaron's desk. mom was watching a movie (called, I think "the BFG") about a girl that meets a giant but then they work together and become friends at the end. it seemed pretty good but as I was talking with dad the whole time I kept getting distracted by the girl in the movie. it was really a very weird experience. I even had moments where it felt like I was watching myself from outside of myself. very strange feeling and I began to start to feel this strong connection with the girl in the movie. man it was a really cool experience. I really liked it. she's definitely invited to join in if she wants to!

finally, last night mom was watching a movie and there were some weird timing things. I kind of fought it a little bit, but then later as I began to feel her more, I decided that I will invite her to join too. I don't know the name of the movie or anything other than (I only saw her her for a very brief moment) she had blonde(?) hair and was wearing something bright blue. I went downstairs to watch the rest of whatever it was I was watching (can't even remember now) and I kept feeling her pretty strongly. I will consider that as a sign of strong desire.

---

ok, I feel like something is missing here, but I feel a little bit of relief now. I really put this off for a while because I didn't really feel it. however, today when watching abe-now, they said (to esthrer), "if we were in your physical shoes, we would make mode decisions." (paraphasing..) "when you make a decision and follow through with it you're getting closer to your desire" so, I guess that answered my question about doing this anyway even when I don't feel it fully. since I do feel better now it seems to be right. I didn't really feel it before I started it and I don't really feel it now either, but I feel a lot better. ok girls I'm just going to write them even if I don't really feel it right in the moment.

on that note, there was a time in the abe-now broadcast when aberaham said something about esther's daugster daughter (or something like that). I noticed something weird, then later when I was looking for a part I had the playback speed increased to really fast, and that time when they said it it was totally different and I felt something very strong there. it was a bit weird. I don't know what to make of it. I'm writing it here to make sure to remember it. that's good enough for now...

### 2021-03-28 21:18

this afternoon I was reminded of a girl that used to work for tuenti in the user support department (then later other places). her name is belen. I'm sure there was mutual attraction but I was always very concerned about my work. work was everything for me at that time. I remember many people constantly trying to get me to chill out and not take everything so seriously. eventually I left tuenti and we never say eachother again. I remember her well, but things never matched up so nothing ever happened between us. she jumped into my head today, and I had thought of her recently as well. I was pretty sure I wrote her down... actually, maybe I wrote it in the paper book now that I think about it, not here. I looked for her in here but I didn't find her name, so I'm adding her here as well. I can't really tell for sure what the feeling is about. she may very well have a daughter by now cause I think she's like 3 years younger than me. anyway, I'm writing this down to remember her -- but, yes. btw, hey belen :)

ok, then another strange thing also happened right after that. I flashed back to a while ago when I crossed out the entry I wrote about alliestrasza, cause in the same video where she was talling about vallentines day, she was also talking about her sister. I don't know how it crossed my xind that maybe I made that mistake for another reason, and that maybe her sister was the attracting I felt. I forgot about it for a few weeks now, and again it came into my head tonight. probably a coincidence, right? it may not be cause I was feeling something about that again tonight. in case it isn't, I'd like to invite her to join in if she wants to :)

### 2021-04-01 21:22

I feel once again like I'm a bit maxed out. it's only been three days since the last entry here and I feel like if I don't write them now, then I'll begin to forget. seems things are accelerating. sometimes when I get the feeling for a girl, I write it down right away, but then other times, especially if she feels really good, then I often wait. I think I intuitively want two things to happen: 1. for mr. motor (or whoever is in charge of that) to fight against it. seems the longer I wait the more they fight against it. and 2. I don't really like when it feels like a big thing. it should feel normal. it should become *normal* for all of us to experience what would otherwise be mind-bending reality regularly. the more rapid that this mind-bending becomes "normal" to us, the more awesome and fun things will become (everything is amplified)

I feel insired to tell this, then we'll get to it. when I was younger I liked to play counter-strike, and I liked to win. I noticed that if I won and I felt really good about my winning (like I had pride or something), then I won less, and sometimes even really lost hard. however, if I just found it normal to get headshots with the desert-eagle or whatever, then I noticed that's what happened. I had to find a way to decouple my success (score) from what felt normal. when I just focused on my minute to minute decision making and not on the score, I often times was like a one-man army. the score didn't matter. I just had to just make it feel normal for me to get so many headshots so easily. I honestly, didn't know how I was doing it. I tried to figure out a few times how to "become consistent" with it, but it was to no avail. making that normal made me get a bunch of really clutch moments. I dunno how that would compare to players today, but at the time it was good and it taught me about making things feel normal instead of comparing myself to others by looking at the score. I like it when amazing things feel normal. for me it feels better than when they feel really big.

---

often times I am reminded of my next door neighbour art's granddaughter. I saw her one time a while back when I was going to go star-watching but ended up leving late for some reason. I believe I wrote it down in the other nosedocs, but I don't know if I'm going to ever merge that over to here. nothing's changed though. that's still valid, so I'm taking the opportunity to say that here and to remind me of her again :)

on that subject, I wrote down a while back in a notebook a few different girls that came to mind that I had seen before I started writing them down. a long time ago I was walking back from the river (I think), and I was beginning to pass in front of heaton middle school when there was a girl that was jogging. we passed right by eachother. I thought about her a few times and it was weird that I remember the siuation so well (obviously nothing visual, but I can remember what the day felt like and stuff). anyway, she's welcome to join in if she wants to.

ok, a little bit ago when I first saw the forged in the barrans theorycrafting stream announcement, I could feel quite an attraction to avelline. I noted that I would have a look at her and check her out but I kept feeling quite a lot of resistance. she has showed up a few more times and I it keeps feeling stronger. I really don't know what all of that was all about. anyway, I'm pretty certain of what I felt, and I only have hesitated so long because I kept feeling resistance. I still haven't looked her up yet, but I do know that I definitely want to invite her to join in if she wants to.

it was either yesterday or the day before I was watching SNL on youtube and I wanted to watch a lengthy bit on kenan's skits: @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHD9xo325uE). I would be watching along and laughing along when it would go to a ad for kenan's new show "wake up with kenan" -- and as soon as it would come on, all of a sudden I would feel really bad -- but it's not like there was any reason for me to feel bad. I thought it was weird and ignored it the first times because I didn't know what could cause it. originally, I thought it was because someone at nosebook was pissed off about ads (they get pissed off with me sometimes when I pay attention to or mention certain brands or people) and that their marketing departement would have to work somethting out with NBC(?). later though when I went outside and was thinking on it, mr. motor roared and I figured out that it must be that someone is already pushing hard against the two girls in that show. I went to sleep and when I woke up (I guess it was two days ago) they were on my mind quite a bit and they felt pretty good. as a reault, I do want to ivite them to join in if they want to.

at the end of that video there was a recommendation to watch another video. I felt a lot of attraction pulling me to want to watch the video. it felt almost unnatural. the girl in the picture seemed very familiar but I didn't recognise her. I left it and the tab stayed open. when I came back some time later the tab was still open. I decided I would bite and have a look at the video: @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4aeibd1Rrc). I watched it and didn't feel anything super notable. it was very weird because she kept feeling very familiar to me even though I was certain that I hadn't seen her before. the skit was funny but it was a pop-culture subject I didn't have context for, so I left it again. when I woke up this morning though she was on my mind. I don't really know what to do about this one, but I'm including it here to remember her in the future (just in case, right?)... so, yeah. lots of mixed stuff going on there. hopefully she feels good sometime in the future and I get to meet her.

yesterday before I went out to go watch stars, I wanted to watch a video on galaxies. I normally pass on the space videos because I feel like the mainstream explanation at times is just making things up to try and explain something they don't fully understand (why not just say, we don't know for sure; the current hypothesis is...). anyway, I wanted to watch this video anyway. I could feel attraction but that's sorta normal now. the subject interested me quite a bit because she's showing a bar galaxy, and the bar shines in visible but *not* in UV. all stars shine in UV (along with a lot of other stuff), so that is really puzzling to my limited knowledge. I can't figure out what would make a bar shape the whole diameter of the inner core. stuff is seen in space with the shape of spheres, rings, jets, etc. -- but I don't know anything that would create a bar, and not something that wouldn't show in UV yet still would be visible millions of ly away. very fascinating indeed. I was thinking on this while watching stars when I was getting to the altered state of consciousness part of the experience when I lost constciousness for a bit. I don't really know what happened. I came back to reality and she was on my mind now and there was this sort of feeling like "yeah sure if you want to" I felt really good about her and decided ok, sure let's just see where this goes then. so, this too is to write this down to remember her for the future.

today when I was going by jaron's computer he was showing me something on facebook (or something like that...) he scrolled down and there was a girl that visually reminded me a lot of heather beatty (sister of emily) and I dunno why for some reason I really wanted to know who that was, he scrolled back up and said her name was beatrice/beatriz. the whole thing made me feel a bit embarrassed about my bad vision and mistaking her for someone else. I tried to make some excuses. as I waked away I couldn't get her off of my mind. she just kept showing up with a lot of good feeling. anyway, I feel really good about her. I want to invite her to join in if she wants to.

### 2021-04-02 23:56

yesterday (or maybe it was the day before) right after I saw the picture on facebook of beatriz, jaron showed me a little picture of a girl with something covering her from head to toe. the caption said something like, "this is what happens when they go silent for a bit". ok sure, but then I kept getting reminded of her with a good feeling associated with it. I just assumed it was a meme, and so therefore whatever, but the persistence lends me to believe there may be something more to it. so if that is a thing, then yes I'd like to invite her to join if she wants to.

yesterday when I was playing hearthstone, I queued up and was competing against someone, and I kept feeling weird feelings. sometimes when I queue to someone I can feel their emotion as we play. usually it feels like competition anger or something like that. I usually try to ignore feelings from the opponent while I play because it's very counter-productive to worry about what they feel like. I can't remeber the game very well, but as the game progressed, when they conceded, I felt a brief moment of sadness. this is the opposite of what I typically feel when someone concedes or I win, so I found it weird. I looked at their name: KITTYCAT88, and it sounded not like typical "bro" name, so I just left it for a moment. as I kept going I started to think that maybe the person I was playing against was a girl (probably born in 1988). the thought came to me that perhaps she was trying to signal me emotionally and that was the weird feelings I was feeling. I thought writing her name to consider the idea of inviting her. when I wrote her name down on paper to remember, I got a sudden rush of good feeling. just in case that this was a thing, I want to remember her here. I can't really feel her anymore so I don't really know much now. I do know that mr. motor has roared a few times when I thought about writing this so he's pushing against it. I felt good about it then so it's likely everything is OK. anyway, this is good. hopefully I'll see her soon. I am mixed feelings on this, though there may be a possibly good reason for this: @[noseblog](2021-04-03 00:33).

### 2021-04-07 00:55

I want to start off here with a weird one. I was listening to a snake-bros episode 2(?) days ago, and I skipped to this one listener comment where I think he was telling them that him and his daughter were enjoying the shirts (I think) [TODO: reference]. when he said the part about him and his daughter, I felt something. I ignored it, but then yesterday I was reminded of it again. seems weird but it feels OK, so if that is a thing, I'd like to invite her to join in if she wants to.

next, while I was out star-watching I was reminded of this one time a long time age when I was in torrelodones. I picked up the bus to go down to madrid and there were a bunch of teenagers that got on the bus. I wasn't especially paying attention to them at all really. I remember they seemed to be watching me and I could feel desire and stuff, but I at the time I was worried to get to zaryn (or wherever I was going). the weird thing is I was reminded of this event, I dunno at least a couple times now. I tried to remember anyone in the bus, but I cannot. I just know that I feel some desire coming from there. I don't really know what to do here, so I'm just going to invite anyone there that I was feeling and also to join in. really bizarre, I guess so we'll sort that out in the future, I guess :)

next, I was playing hearthstone yesterday and I was playing against a demon-hunter. things seemed to be going relatively normal, until at the very end, I couldn't believe my eyes. the opponent slammed into a massive taunt that I had setup with a lifesteal weapon. they survived, but I don't think it killed the minion and I still had others. I don't remember the exact circumstances, but I was very surprised. I looked over at the name. it said "PopStarKitty". I thought to myself, "could it be another one that we connect through hearthstone?" I felt good about it. I really like how she felt. I wrote her name down and decided that I wanted to invite her to join in if she wants to :)

lastly, I was watching @[abe-now](2021-02-13 p1) yesterday and the first questioner gave a beautiful description of surfing. I felt so much resonance with it and I feel like it was a very mind-expanding description which I think I lot of people could relate to. they continued on with their description (or maybe it was before), and when the writer said the part about living somewhere with their girls, I felt a slight nudge. I considered that they could be only saying those parts of the emails that include references to people's daughters if it was on purpose. I didn't feel anything especially strongly at the time but I did feel something. they said the part where at the beginning the wave is difficult to notice, but then it gets bigger and bigger. later on when I was thinking if I should write this, I wasn't sure I wanted to include it until it did actually become something noticeable. I mean, it was a good analogy so there's certainty that I will remember that. anyway, I guess I'll say that I'm writing this here to remember this. if it develops into a wave, great -- and if it doesn't, that's cool too.

finally, at the very end of @[abe-now](2021-02-13 p1), there was a questioner that wrote in about her 12yo daughter's relationship with her father. I hesitated quite a bit to write the @[abe-now](2021-02-13 p1 59:28) section because it felt weird to me. I did it anyway, and surprisingly to me I felt really good about it and it felt to me for a moment that I was doing this weird communication with her father. it was pretty cool. I went out to go star-watch afterward, and I couldn't get the daughter off of my mind. it honestly made it difficult to star-watch a bit, because I really like how she feels. I wish I could explain it better, but it was really cool. I definitely want to invite her to join in if she wants to.

### 2021-04-11 23:44

ok, so the experience I mentioned in @[abe-now](2021-02-13 p2 06:18), I kept feeling her. I think it probably is a thing, therefore, I want to invite her to join in if she wants to. hard to describe the feeling I guess, but it was weird how vivid she felt. it felt as if she is right there. this is a good example of why, for me, I consider feeling to be a physical manifestation. I know that if I were able to focus on her for a longer period of time the feeling would keep growing until something like how that feels manifests. for me, it is real.

following that, near to the end of the same abe-now, there was a mention of a monan asking about her preschool daughter, and I could fee her slightly in the beginning, but by the end there when abrahmam was talking about how children want to be big and do things that grownups do, my heart was vibrating quite intensely. it was a very different sensation. most girls end to be more imaginative and so I feel them lower, in either the stomach or lower, but this was mostly focused around the heart area. I feel that commonly with people who are very strong-willed. so I don't know what to say about this, but she also feels very strong as well. it's hard to describe the feelings in the heart because we don't really have much of a refeernce for them. the heart changes the way the environment feels around very strongly. all of the times that I've drastically changed the way the environement feels, it was with a vibration in my heart[^1]. I feel some uncertinty and stuff. she is, of course, invited to join in when she wants to.

yesterday, when I was going outside to star-watch, as I was walking by mom's TV, I saw a girl on the TV wearing yellow(?). she appeared yellow to me. I think she was also asian too. anyway, as I looked at her a thoutht popped into my head about her which was malformed (so it probably wasn't mine). I couldn't really understand the thought maybe something to do with inviting her or something. I kinda ignored it cause I didn't really feel it that much. as I was laying there I was thinking about this concept of tesla sick in bed and having strange things happen. a girl popped into my eyes that looked similar to the girl in the TV but was much older. I didn't realise she looked similar. that happened later. I think I realised that it must have been her and I was coming conscious when they were doing some sort of test in my mind (probably to see how I reacted to her). I didn't really feel her ever very strongly but when I realised the image of the girl that I saw in my eyes was probably her and she looked older because girls grow up, I felt like I wanted to invite her. I said something like, "awesome yeah that sounds great". so yeah she's invited to join in if she wants to :)

also, yesterday I was playing hearthstone when again I noticed some strange feelings with the opponent. not really much to say other than after the match ended, I tuned into the feeling to figure out if it was someone else requesting to be invited. I started to feel her very strongly for a moment or two and she felt very good. I checked back again a few more times that night and she still felt good. she still feels good even though it's less intensity (nosebook blocks it). therefore, I want to inivite her (pinkcrayon) to join in if she'd like to.

---

ok, here are a few more here that I felt good about but then now I feel some resistance. I don't know if it's nosebook or what. in this first case here, I don't believe it's her because she still feels good to me. I'm mentioning them here in a different section because I have noticed the resistance (see @[noseblog](2021-04-12 00:49)), and don't mind putting them in the "let's just remember them just in case" category.

a few days ago I suddenly became very interested in watching some indian videos (I find their temples fascinating -- espcially the ones that are geometric anr cut out of a solid rock). I don't know the language she was speaking, but I liked listening to it anyway. as I kept watching, I noticed that I started to feel her stronger and stronger. I still have some more videos I haven't seen yet on the channel there. this video is a good example: @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dobNNwvf8j8). anyway, she felt good to me. I hope something eventually comes of it :)

next, I was watching some SNL, and I could feel a lot there. they're all probably fine. I like SNL. for example, twice when I laid down to close my eyes, an image of vansessa bayer kept showing up. she felt really good to me. I don't know if I would describe it as an image, but felt like she was there and she felt really good. it was all very strange. or, yesterday, chloe fineman kept popping into my head as well, and she too felt good.

I just want to say though that basically I want to remember anyone that I'm a fan of or already have somewhat of an aossication with you (like I watch your videos or something).

finally, all of the ones from a while back that I may haven't written down -- like for example, yesterday(?) I was reminded of some girls a long while back riding their bikes while I was walking the bike trail down to downtown pueblo. or another one I think of often is a cashier I saw a while back at a store. she had brown hair. pretty vague, but we'll figure it out. please don't worry about any of this, as it's all good.

[1]: I feel like I want to talk about this a little bit more. to get how this is, compare the difference of how someone who has strong desire feels (1). they feel very attractive and produce physical attraction. now, feel the opposite: someone who is physically very attractive (7). it feels different than normal desire, but because it produces desire, they feel very similar. now, feel someone who is very imaginative and their imagination is all about all of these graet things in their mind (6). they feel very naieve and maleable. now, feel someone who is the opposite and in their mind all the time making relations all the time, connecting things and trying to be helpful to people (2). they see things that match and want everything to fit in a box. from there we now go to a person which is conceptual. everything for them is a chaos of feelings and form (logic and rationality) must be imposed on the feeling to begin to make sense of it all (5). these are highly emotional people and transmit emotion into logic and vice-versa with practise. the opposite of that is a person that is mostly all thinking and logic. they feel that if the logic is stable and sound, that will give them the feeling that they want. when they can understand the logic behind the feeling, then they can understand the feeling (3). these guys are trying to figure everything out and have all of their feelings explained, else they shut them down. to me, each of these people feel very differently. everyone has all of these aspects, but some aspects are more dominant (believing this is the way to affect/understand the environment). the remaining one there is heart. I was hoping that by this time I would have a better way to describe this, but I've noticed that when someone is "heart-set" on something, there's no way to alter their course. they will find a way to do it. it's as if reality has to conform to their heart's desire. the heart's desire manifests reality very rapidly. moht people shut it down because they don't want to have a "broken heart". to give a good example of this, I was so determined (another heart-like word) that I would be creating a social network that was going to be awesome. there was going to be no one that stopped me. later on, I had to kind of deal with the heartbreak feeling when I couldn't get it the way I was so sure that it was going to be. 1/7 people expert a lot of influence on their envonment (or what they're creating) with desire. 2/6 people influence the environment in the way of either making things connect easier, smoothing things or making them difficult feeling. 3/5 people offer the concept (feeling) of the creation and the logical structure upon which the concept resides (stability). the 4/4 do not have much to do with the environment. beauty doesn't matter. logic doesn't matter. concepts don't even matter. none of that makes any difference. they move from one place to another (based on their perception) and reality must conform. I would like to end by saying that it was very important for me to realise that evolutions in desire *do* happen, and even if something does not look physicall like the way one thought it ought to look, then feeling bad is only evidence that you're moving in a direction different to the way that future will eventually manifest. reality *will* conform eventually and only you can keep it from happening. for a heart person understanding the 3/5 layers is very important. it's very easy to come up with logic (most of it we're taught when we're young) that explains it but doesn't feel good. learning to find the feeling for the reason (instead of the reason for feeling) is very very *very* important. save yourself some heartbreak that way :)

### 2021-04-18 21:11

I've had a bunch of difficulty with getting motivation the last few days. a few days ago, I decided that I would just write this when I felt it, yet it seems that every time that I feel like it, it disappears and I suddenly don't care anymore. I can't get any mental traction at all, so I may sound a bit more brief than usual. I keep running into this dififculty where I mentally just can't get there very easily anymore. I don't know how to reason about it. I think I'm doing OK, because when I wake up, I usually feel pretty terrible, but a few hours or so later I'm feeling quite a bit better. I feel like it's getting more difficult at about the same rate that I'm getting better at adjusting my perception. on one hand, one may tell me, "don't draw attention to the problem in your writing; it just makes it worse" -- which would be a fair argument if people were only able to be aware of my thoughts in the form of voice. everything I think about is braodcast, and in addition to that noseobok almost certainly tries to meddle with the message. I find it literally impossible to "not give attention to something". I don't know if it's a broad-spectrum frequency generator (something like fuzzing) which generates signals, but it seems that I can't really hide from much. instead, I have to change the way I perceive things. as such, I've remapped a lot of my perception to be that way. I don't consider this time to be difficult in the physical sense, because I can always find a way to feel better and after a few hours I can. I honestly can't wait until I'm getting so good at it that it's taking only minutes. I really feel good about this because it's challenging me to find a way to feel good about *anything*. there really isn't a whole lot anymore of bad or unwanted. I see the benefit in just about everything now.

my typical arc these last week now has been wake up feeling really good about some girls and also physically pretty bad. I want to get up to write them because I feel it then, but when I sit up I have a very light head and a lot of weightiness that makes it feel very bad to get up. I don't like to do things when I don't feel them so I just lay back down.

this morning when I woke I had an intresting experience where I really didn't feel good about the girls thing at all. no big deal. I'm not going to do anything when I feel like that. I think that wassn't what nosebook wanted and I went back to sleep. when I woke up I had another experience and I came to a new idea I think I will relate here because it helps so much.

what happened is a few days ago (4-14) I stumbled into a girl's page and closed it because it felt mainstream to me. later on that day I could feel her very strongly. I know how to find her page again and I've been intending to look her up again... well, when I woke up this mornning she was on my mind and I could feel her I let the feeling grow but then it hit an abrupt moment. I don't know what there was visually but the feeling went from something desirable into what felt like exactly the opposite. the best way to describe it was I went from being someone very independent feeling to someone now dependent on her for how I feel -- like I *needed* her affection ho feel loved. it went from good feeling to bad feeling pretty rapidly.

anyway, let it go and I left it. some time later (again I don't know if I slept or not) I had a realisation (or reaction, not sure) that this is a very common thing. something feels good and then later when things start to manifest, they don't feel like the origininal feeling so it's abort mission. this happens to me so frequently I can't really explain. in fact, very much of writing this is the process of sorting that out. I have the original feeling captured and I know that a reality that feels like that *does* exist and *is* attainable.

what happened there is what abraham calls the 17-second rule. when you hold a feeling in your mind for long enough, it will manifest, and usually it won't manifest in 3d space (though I'm working on getting this capablity). it'll manifest as a thought in your mind or a picture in your imagination. I don't really see my imagination, so I can't really tell you what's there but I can *feel* it. what is happening is your abstract mind (2nd relational) is turning the feeling into a conceptual relations. I call this my perception[^1]. it's how I relate concepts between things.

so what is happening is the very first manifestation happening in the imagination is being rendered throgh your own perception or how you think things work (symbols/structure) and how they relate or interact. I've found that those translations (or manifestaions) of that feeling into the mind will conform to the person's structure. the structure will constrain the emotion into a form and that form has meaning and will be perceived (felt) by you as good or bad, depending on your perception.

you can take the noseblog entries as an example for this. I keep iterating on the feeling, translating it into something that feels better and better. what they're telling me is if the thing had of manifested back when I felt like that, my own perception (doesn't matter what anyone else has going on) would eventually take the manifestation to that. this is why so many things get worse with time -- because no matter how graet the manifestation may be, it's only temporary, as the manifestation must eventually conform to the perception of the perceiver. it's a good thing nothing has manifested yet, huh...

so, here's my workflow I extracted from that experience. I have a feeling that I have felt. however, when I translate that feeling into a simulated reality in my imagination by fomcusing on the feeling for long enough that it begins to feel *real*, then if that reality (or image) feels good, then the manifestation will feel good. however if it doesn't feel good, no worries. it didn't go anywhere. just retreat and make no action until I can find a way for that preception to feel good.

---

this made me have a realisation: there is so much energy involved in this manifestation, and my unwillingness to let it manifest until my perception will allow it to manifest in a way which reflects how it feels, means that in a lot of ways, I'm attracting nosebook's difficulty I talked about in the beginning. when their stuff is no longer making me feel bad, then my perception can allow for a manifestaion that feels that good. crazy. it *is* all attraction :)

well, I'm glad I talked this all out. I learned a lot. I'm gonna leave it here for a bit. I haven't forgot anyone. everything is coming along fine :)

[1]: I also call structure (3rd) my perception. I think they're very connected. it depends on how you look at it. if I see 10 things (concepts or symbols) together, it means something. it relations interact with structure the same way that emotion relates to imagination. emotion makes pictures and pictures make emotion but the pictures are composed of physical things (unless you're really high, then it's fractal hyperbolic geometry). symbols make relations and reations make symbols, however, they're rendered according to your desire, instead of physical stuff. so if you see a bunch of symbols that mean something and you desire that thing because you've been giving it a lot of attention, then you'll perceive the meaning of the symbols relating to eachother through the lens of your desire (desire can be negative too. fear is negative desire, sure but still it's desire)

### 2021-04-20 22:35

ok, here we go...

the other day (actually quite a few days ago now) I was playing hearthstone again and this time I clued into the feeling of the opponent (RedQueen) somewhere during the beginning of the match. I suddenly had a conflict inside that I didn't really know if, now that I knew that it was someone I could feel, should I let her win. I decided that I was just going to keep playing as normal however, right as this happened, I got tickatus corrupted, so that I should new burn her deck away. I sorta felt committed to to playing as normal. I burned her last few cards and she conceeded. I had mixed feelings because I don't know the rules of what I'm supposed to do there. I figured that I should play as normal. I remember when I was a kid and people would play easy with me because I was a kid. it drove me nuts. I didn't want them to play easy with me. I wanted to be treated like an equal. I'm sure it must have been ok because I remember afterwards I was feeling her very strongly for quite some time afterward. the whole experience had a very unforgettable feel to it. the girl had a very "real" feeling to her, and everything in my experience felt like it was heightened. the way she felt, she felt like someone notable. very real is the way I would describe it in words (I guess). I'm very excited to meet her if she wants wants to join in (hopefully she does).

next, I would like to invite [taylor](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmVV0Uq6C4-vPPctTe6fa4w) to join in (if she wants to). I really like the way she feels.

today, when I went upstairs to call dad mom had a video paused on the screen. it was a scene of a woman on a public transporation thing. I didn't pay much attention but I felt a weird thing so I went to look at it. soon thereafter, mom didn't resume the video but instead changed to something else entirely. I felt as if she had been directed away from it. I'm pretty certain that I could feel something when I first saw the metro scene on the screen. I figure mom wouldn't have been directed to skip away from the movie and I wouldn't have felt her again when I went up to the kitchen, and mr. motor wouldn't have roared his motor if there wasn't something to it... lol. I'd like to invite her to join in too if she would like to.

along that same line, last week mom was watching what looked to me to be a series (but it may have been a movie) about an all-girls school (or something with essentially only girls in it). I walked by a few times and each time I could feel attraction, yet it was different girls each time I walked by. I don't really know what to do here because it's impossible for me to sort out what is what. I keep getting the sense that I want to invite the girls from that movie that want to join. I do feel good about it. I guess we'll just see what happens.

another that I don't really know how to properly identify but I know that she knows who she is because I've felt her multiple times since. I think probably last week there was a girl in one of my dreams that I remember in the dream I really wanted to invite to join. she was wearing, I'm pretty sure, a purple dress. I'm not 100% sure on the visuals there, but if it is a thing, I'd like to invite her to join in if she wants to.

lastly, a very long time ago, I saw a video come up on my feed, (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iw_XqrxyUYQ)), and the girl in the video popped into my head a few times. I let it be, then some time passed. I remembered her, then I forgot again. repeat that a few more times. there may be a bit of resistance then and perhaps even still, it feels that way anyway. it feels like it has been more difficlt than it should have been and maybe things have changed a bit. doesn't matter really. in fact now that I think about it, it feels anti-climatic or something like finally now when no longer is it desired, or something direction feeling. I'm not totally sure. I do think that it's worth mentioning here that I do want to rememeber her at least. hopefully everything clears up.

### 2021-04-22 23:54

a little bit ago I couldn't figure out what tony kept meaning my toto and kirye, because I kept remembering that there he announced a new team member named kirye, but it seemed like he was always referring to a dog. I was very confused. either way, I remember now that when I first saw her in the announcement, I felt attraction. however, I totally frogot about that. all of that memory was completely erased. so then, a little bit ago I said that if I'm like a fan of you and I watch your videos, then it's like an auto-invite pretty much. so then a week or so ago when I'm watching one of tony's latest videos (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/4JiC32Vrnag?t=320)), he mentions his fiance kirye. I found it very strange. it felt really weird to me because he was saying finance, but at the same time I was feeling a lot more attraction again. I wondered if he was putting her in his videos (sorry tony!). I thought about it, and I want to make sure and write it in here just so there's no confusion. I'd like to invite kirye to join in if you want to :)

next I was watching a video from ancient architects where he was talking about a temple that praveen had made a video on. I've seen a LOT of praveen's videos, and this was one of his latest ones, however for some reason I had not seen it. I watched it again to see the context for the bayon temple that matt was talking about. at the end of the video there is a very easy segment to miss where there are two girls walking down the stairs at the very end of the video (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/GVDM53cjf6Q?t=649)). I nearly missed them and only barely saw them for a brief second but I immediately felt something. the video ended and I couldn't get them out of my head. it's a feeling very different to what I've felt before. anyway, I'm just going to invite them both to join in, if either of them want to.

I'd also like to invite [bec](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5_iLVNOt2i0fX57v8AjMEQ) to join in if she'd like to. I've watched a lot of her videos and I've thought about it a few times. there feels like there is some resistance but I'm sure it's OK. I enjoy your work bec! cheers!

ok, finally here, as I was listening to the last abe-now broadcast, a mother of two daughters, 18 and 20(?) hate her guts (so she claims in the letter anyway), and as I was listening in my initial idea was just to skip over them as I didn't even consider it. I did however feel attraction though, so I thought about it and really I don't have any resistance to it. I'm kinda like neutral on it. I'd say it could go either way, but I don't believe I have much resistance anymore, so it would only go the way of saying yes. I'd like to invite either of them to join in too if they want to :)

that's good for now...

### 2021-05-01 11:50

ok, first I'd like to say that I was feelig some reactions to the entry yesterday (@[noseblog](2021-04-30 13:06)) where I was talking about raquel and expectation. well, it doesn't feel that way anymore, but there was some confusion. I didn't have a better example of it, and I don't feel bad about it at all. I'd say that from my perspective now, I would guess that we more than likely planned it to be that way. it seems pretty likely that was the fastest way to get me to where I am now -- and I simply cannot describe how valueable what I know now is, in comparison. I don't perceive that anything bad happened at all -- and anyway, the same power of expectation can be used in a positive way just as easily.

so, as I was thinking about this last night while watching stars, I realised that there was still belief that I didn't want raquel to be able to join in. that's not true at all. I've released a lot of my resistance to a lot of things (maybe I should write somethting about it) and I don't really see it as a problem anymore. further, I could see how it fits in to the whole bigger picture. anyway, some time after that I was reminded of her sister. I'd also like to invite her to join in if she wants to.

yestrerday when I was outside there was a girl squealing down the street. I realised she was trying to get my attention. I'd like to invite her to join in too if she wants to :)

additionally, yesterday when I was going out to star-watch, jaron had a program on the screen. when I woke up this morning I was being reminded of the girl with brown hair. kinda weird, but yeah she feels really good. I'd like to invite her to join too if she wants.

now, we come to a recent hearthstone opponent, bastardiosa. when I played against her, I could feel her, but the desire wasn't very strong. however, later that night when I was watching stars, I kept remembering her and she could feel good. I decided I wanted to invite her to join in if she wants to.

at the same time as I was noticing bastardiosa, I kept getting reminded of irene, daniel's ex-wife. I could also feel her as well. this time she felt good to me. anyway, I'd like to invite her to join in too if she wants to.

another hearthstone opponent that I didn't feel so much during the match but then later I started to feel more and more -- there still is perhaps a slight bit of resistance remaining even still, so we'll see -- however, I think it's probably ok. when I saw the name, ReadyTaPlow, I laughted and the first thing I was thinking was, "they're probably not referring to agriculture", lol. man, I still feel resistance on the thing though. a few times it's felt better, so let's just see as things go forward. expectation is a powerful thing. it's going to be OK :) I'd like to invite her to join in if she wants to.

ok, final hearthstone opponent I'd like to invite to join in (if she wants to) is ellylion. not much to say here. I felt her, it wasn't strong but there wasn't much resistance so she stayed in my mind.

ok, maybe one more here. as I was writing the last one, I was feeling the previous opponent, Orchideya as well. I'd like to invite her to join in too, if she wants to. nice, you did it! proud of you :)

### 2021-05-02 11:06

I want to start off here: @[abe-now](2021-02-27 p2 57:32). I was listening there and I kept feeling the idea to talk about the intensity of the contrast can increase the perceived unwantd or wanted of something. I started writing what I wrote up there, and somewhere about halfway, I started to feel some attraction from the writer. I can tell that she does genuinely feel really good. anyway, I was feeling attraction from her, so if the guy she likes does get married or whatever, she's welcome to join in here if she wants to.

ok, next, a video showed up on my feed: @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTDKqW_GLkw). as I was watching it, we got to the end and the KiwiCo promotion started up (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/VTDKqW_GLkw?t=1551)), and I was beginning to watch it but then I started to feel discomfort. I didn't really know why I was feeling discomfort. it was showing a girls hands as she playing with the product. anyway, I skipped forward because of the discomfort. later however, when I was out watching stars, I got a reaction wondering why I skipped forward. I explained it was because of the discomfort I felt, but then I started to realise why maybe that could have been :P anyway, I'd like to invite the girl(s?) in in the KiwiCo promotion there to join in if they would like to.

in the final scene of that video, it cuts to steve's offspring saying that matt's game is boring and they want to play KiwiCo instead. sure man, they're welcome to join in too if they want :)

that video then led me over to watch miriam and katie here: @[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyqD1Sg5M4Q). I quite enjoyed their presentation on dobble. it actually made me want to make a derivative version of the game. something about it felt so easy and doable -- as if all the peices were kind of already assembled and they just needed to be put together. I dunno. I just really liked them, and I came away from their video feeling really good. as such, I would like to invite either or both to join in if either (or both) want to. yeah, I really want to make a game. I think it would be a lot of fun

yesterday, I just started to watch steve mould's channel content. in one of his videos, he was explaining the eye, and there was a part where he was explainng how your eyes track while in motion @[youtube](https://youtu.be/DkaJ6iK2CJc?t=127). when it switched over to the scene with the girl's eyes moving with the scenery, I think my heart missed a beat or something. I wouldn't say it was shocking, but I did feel quite a mix of good feelings and surprise all at once. I felt like I already knew her or had seen her before somewhere. I do feel really good about her. I'd like to invite her to join in too, if she'd like to.

this next one was a little bit strange for me. I'll just tell it how it was. I was watching this video here (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/sGG-A80Tl5g?t=619)), and when I saw the girl there carrying the basket, I felt attraction. I thought to myself, that's weird I wonder if she was placed in the video there for that reason, then right about that time there was another image of a girl sweeping/cleaning a farm place and she had her head blurred out @[youtube](https://youtu.be/sGG-A80Tl5g?t=824). when I saw that, I felt that the editor was likely cognisant that I would watch the video and didn't want to place anyone in an unwanted position -- eg. the subject felt like me observing people in the video. when I noticed that, it felt pretty likely that the the girl holding the basket was probably there on purpose. as I was thinking that, I realised that the scene just prior it was showing the basket that the girl was carrying and I was staring at her the whole time wondering about that. lol, ok. so yes, I'd definitely like to invite her to join in (if she wants to).

### 2021-05-03 21:11

today while I was talking with greg, I got interrupted by jaron and mom to show me a video on facebook of two girls on jumper things (not sure what they're called). I ignored it at first but the last few hours now they keep popping back into my head. I'd like to invite them to join in if the would like to.

a few days ago I was talking with mom about crystals and stuff and she was showing me some things on amazon.com. there was a really weird moment where this magnetic comforter popped up. I guess it has like crystal bedding and other stuff. the girl on the front of the advertisment seemed to jump out at me. I didn't really expect to feel something from a generic packaging display, so I trid to keep talking. it transformed a few times, but by the next day, I felt quite excited to invite her to join in if she wants to. really weird, but very cool. I like how she feels :)

it may have been the same night, but prvious to that, mom was watching a movie with sword in the title. I remember there was a girl with black hair. I seemed to walk by a few times with her on the screen. anyway, I didn't really think much about it. anyway later on when I was out watching stars, I lost consciousness and when I came back I had her on my mind and I could feel her pretty strongly. I remembered it and I wrote it down. yep, I'd like to invite her to join in if she wants to :)

### 2021-05-05 22:48

I was watching one of robert's latest videos and a few times there were some images that left an impression on me. the first one was a girl standing in the middle some berries: @[youtube](https://youtu.be/XXL09iWJrfs?t=681). I really liked her blue colour. I felt something when I first saw her, but as the video went on, I started to think about her more and more. it was a pretty clear feeling. not really any resistance. I'd definitely like to invite her to join in, if she wants to.

next, I noticed here @[youtube](https://youtu.be/XXL09iWJrfs?t=1512), when those girls showed up, that again I could feel something. it was a bit more mixed. it still feels like there's bit of mixed stuff going on. I believe it may be because there are more than one there so the feelings get mixed a bit. it's no problem though. I feel pretty good about them and I'd like to invite all three to join in if they want to.

[TODO: I feel like there was a third one I had noticed in the video but I cannot remember it now, which might mean it wasn't that important? just leaving this note here in case I return back]

finally, when I first saw the [thumbnail of this video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/pOBQpV5L_Cw/maxresdefault.jpg) (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/pOBQpV5L_Cw)), my heart jumped a and I felt pulling feeling inside my heart. I thought they would appear in the video so I put off watcthing it for a while. however, when I finally watched it, they didn't show up once. doesn't matter, I linked the thumbnail. you know every time I saw their picture I had a strong pulling feeling in my heart. often times I feel different girls in different placed, but I really like the ones I feel in my heart. they feel very real. I'd like to invite both of them to join in if they'd like.


### 2021-05-09 22:48

I meant to write this yesterday as I liked the day: 5, 8, -, 21 -- a sort of fibonacci sequence. anyway, I didn't though because my head wasn't feeling so good. it had such a large amount of chaos, and kind of still does actually.

ok, we start off with the more certain ones: a little bit ago in @[a-list](2021-05-03 21:11), I wrote about a movie about a sword. well, I kept remembering there was also a girl that had red hair in a lot of the scenes. she kept popping into my head, and it feels like there may be some desire too, so I'd like to invite her to join in too as well, if she wants to.

also, in a previous entry I talked about a girl with brown hair on a show that jaron watches, "board AF". well, I kept remembering another one with red hair[^1] that was either in the same video or another. she kept popping into my head and I like the way she feels[^2]. I'd like to invite her to join in too, if she wants :)

the day before yesterday I can't remember what happened but I think someone wanted to distract me with a facebook picture. it had the same feeling as the one girl that had the meme about what happens when things so silent (@[a-list](2021-04-02 23:56)), however this time was a [different meme with a girl](https://memeguy.com/photo/81939/i-love-my-whore-family-sfw) holding up a board saying, "I love my whore family". I instantly felt something very strongly when I saw her. I have no idea how old the meme is or any of those other details, and it got me thinking a whole lot about the "whore family" concept (more on that later). I wasn't sure if the feeling I got was resonance with the concept or with the girl in the image. I've given it some time to think on it and I'm pretty sure most of what I was feeing was the girl. I like the detail she took on the image: she circled, "love", then there is a radiant happy face with 3 happy faces and 3 stars above it... I have no idea why, but I love it :) anyway, totally, if she'd like to join in too, that'd be awesome :)

this one I'm not as certain because I've had mixed feelings on it and obvious mr. motor signature during key moments. yesterday, I think, when I was out picking weeds, I heard a girl shrieking from a location which I couldn't figure out. it seemed like it was either coming from down the street, like #11, or over on the second street over, on newpark. I remembered it, and then later when it was obvious that mr. motor was trying to get me to go inside cause the wind was blowing, birds making sounds, and motors in the distance when I hear her make the shriek sound again. I thought it likely that the second shriek was mr. motor cause it happened between motorcycles. however, later on it felt like there was effort to keep me away from something mom was watching on TV. anyway, when I went to go to the bathroom, all of a sudden the girl shrieking felt really good to me. she did also feel good in the moment when I first heard her and it was mr. motor was fighting it. as I've been writing this, I can feel her again, so I'm pretty certain what I felt was real. so yeah, if it is a thing, I'd like to invite her to join in if she wants to.

yesterday, when I was going out to watch stars, mom had a film on called "nappily ever after" and when I looked at the screen, I saw, "normally ever after" -- probably because I have on my mind the idea that I wrote about in @[abe-now](2021-03-06 p1 48:48) about making big things feel normal. the picture on the screen was the main chahcter, the woman who shaved her head. I can't really remember but I think mom let it play and in that scene there was another girl that was perhaps younger (anyway she feels pretty young, but just cause someone feels young doesn't mean they are physically young). I went out to star-watch and I kept feeling something there. it was really cool because it felt even for a moment that she was laying there with me. she felt good. she felt certain, calm and very stable/solid but also soft too. very difficult to describe the feeling. anyway, the other times I walked by I never saw her again, and the brief moment she was on the screen, I couldn't see her because of my perspective. I really only know her by what I felt later when watching stars. I've felt her numerous times since then (and lightly even now) so I'm pretty sure it's a real thing, however I have no idea who it was. so yes, I do want to say yes to something, let's figure it out. if she's the way she feels, then it'll be no problem for her :) I can't wait to meet her...

[1]: I felt like I should look it up. I remembered it as being a more of an orangeish hair rather than dark red. I definitely feel perhaps a bit strange about looking it up like this, but I do feel good about the girl with the orangish hair. man I feel very strange.. sorry for the feeling of discomfort.. :(

[2]: I've noticed that in so mnay of these cases, the way that I feel a girl usually is very different than how she appears in physical form. I've come to not really worry about this too much. it is a bit distracting because her physical appearance gives a whole different feeling than she does when I can't see her physical. this makes me actually begin to think about how many advantages there are to actually not "seeing" the girl (or even being blind) because I have found it's usually the case, though there have been a few exceptions, where a girl feels a lot better than she appears on the outside. I don't really know why that is. actually maybe I do. good future topic :)

### 2021-05-10 00:53

I'd also like to invite some recent hearthstone opponents...

first, I played against RunKittyRun in a game. she was playing as rokara which is a paid hero portrait, but her deck appeared to be purposefully underpowered or something. I never did figure it out. I kept looking at her name, RunKittyRun and I kept thinking that she may be someone I would soon write down however I couldn't get over the low deck quality. it certainly did catch my attention. I wrote her name down and I could feel her pretty strongly. I kept feeling her too. the feeling was so different I still don't know how to put it into words. you're doin great! you did it! :)

right after that, I played against annother opponent with the name, galheto and again this game felt very strange to me. even though it felt strange, I lost pretty hard. very bad draws and stuff. usually I can feel from other people a feeling of excitement or of accomplishement when they're about to deal the final blow, but this one felt different. it was something like, "uhoh, if I win will he notice" or something like that. there's normally not any uncertainty, so I definitely knew at that moment that I would be writing this. the feeling stayed with me for the rest of the day too. I kept thinking about her. it may have been mutual :) yep, you're more than willing to join in if you want to :)

finally, I had some mixed feelings on this last one but I'm going to include it in anyway. I played against another opponent named, maijuicy and I can't remember now but I felt good about it, then I didn't. I wrote it down and then I tangibly felt bad, like kinda sick to my stomach. I'm fairly certain that the feeling wasn't comingfrom maijuicy though. I decired then that ok, since I didn't feel good I wouldn't go for it, but then I went back to wanting to include it here. there's obviously "split-energy" here, but I'd guess that it's probably good because I kept going back to wanting to write it. I don't know what to do about this one[^1]. I'm just going to leave it here for now as a note to remember it.

EDIT: I'm fairly certain now that it was legit and the bad feeling I was getting was coming from mr. motor (or someone like trying to control stuff) as a response to not having everything under control. the bad feeling didn't feel like "don't do it" -- it felt more like, "you're looking at it wrong" -- which is what confused me. I wanted to write it and then I felt bad when it felt good to me. the most similar feeling I can relate it to was the one when I could feel the conversation between marta and vera a long time ago when I have to assume that marta revealed to vera that she had a boyfriend in rute. the feeling that I felt from vera in response to her conversation with marta was very similar to this one I felt here. I've never had this feeling generated by myself, and have only felt it from others, but it feels like a strong "this isn't what I wanted" with in a strong sense of failed expectations or the feeling when failing ot reach the imagined dream. interestingly enough I also felt a similar thing from people when I told vera that I was just going to move on from the whole andrea thing after talking to her mom (a long long time ago). this now is (what feels like) 3 different angles into a similar-feeling emotion. I'd have to think a while to try and figure out the 4th (it's probably failed personal expectations, but I don't feel that). whatever though. it doesn't matter. she's definitely invited to join :)

[1]: it was duels instead of constructed format so what I think may have happened is that on the constructed format maybe who I match up against goes through a screening process. I believe this is likely because nosebook likes to try and control everything. duels goes through a whole different matchmaking system and it's possible that someone managed to get a match with me that wasn't pre-screened. I'd played duels before and I don't get that same feeling I get when playing constructed which is what lends me to believe that nosebook has authorised certain opponents for me (and de-authorised others). this was the frist time I felt anything from a duels opponent, which means that perhaps it was an accidental matchup. ok, well, with that in mind... developing :) man, imagine that it was something like that and she managed to still make it through.. so cool! I really hope it was... that would be so awesome. I'm beginning to think it may have been..
