### 2020-09-18 18:?? - (2020-09-05 p1)

I noticed a few different resonances in their emotional scale. I used to go all the way down to depression and dispair when I had something come up, however I noticed that instead of going all the way down, the last few months or so I noticed I may only go down to discouragement or dissappointment.

lately though, I noticed that I only go down to pessimism though, then right back up. I like pessimism because it's a lot like doubt. typically I noticed that I when I do go down, I typically only go down to the range:

9. Pessimism
10. Frustration/Irritation/Impatience
11. Overwhelment
12. Disappointment
13. Doubt

so, when I, for example get down below that, in the range of anger (17), dicouragement (15), or blame (15), it's easy for me gto get back to doubt (13), which is then really easy for me to skip all the way up to pessimism (9).

it seems to me obvious that there are a few other resonances between some of the emotional states, which allow for quick jumps too, for example between discouragement (16) and disappointment (12) ... (incomplete, becsuse I need to think on it some more)

### (41:30) - jumping back into the problem

I do this all of the time. after a while of getting used to this, sometimes it's a lot of fun to go and jump back into the prolblem to kind of stir up some more trouble again... why? because once I've established a new perception of the "issue", then I no longer need to worry about the issue having powkr over me anymore. once I go back into the problem, I'm not even perceiving it as a problem anymore, so it's easy for me to separate in my mind, the difference between the problem and the new way in which I perceive it, giving me almost like the ability of an actor, to be in the problem and giving it an emotional focus, yet at the same time, knowing that it's not a *real* problem -- but, a kind of "pretend" problem.

the point that I'm making here is that while abraham does guide people to go up and down the scale, which is *very* important, because without understanding that, what I'm saying doesn't make a whole lot of sense... what I'm saying is, that if the problem can be perceived as a "manufactured" or "pretend" or illusory problem, then it's easy to make these jumps. not everyone has the capablity of controlling conditions or manufacturing problems because that means you have a lot of control or something...

for example, imagine you are the illuminati or something that is controlling a whole lot of conditions -- and you are able to manufacture problems, then you can easily achieve what I'm talking about where you can jump back into the problem, and knowing that the problem is not a real one, stir up some more problems for the people who still feel like they are powerless to solve the problem. I think this happens on a global scale, and I think it's intentional, too. the goal is to continue to reinforce the belief that one is powerless to affect the situation, when, because the situation is controlled (in the case of almost all global issues), one really *is* powerless to change the situation.

so, it is, in my opinion (for me at least), it is of utmost importance to learn to change my *perception* of that situation, otherwise what happens is I just keep cycling around in that scale, going up and then fallling back down to powerlessness (22), then and up and then falling back down again. when changing my perception, when I do fall, I don't fall nearly as far, and getting back up is a much easier process, too.

when say, change my percteption, I mean to, knowing the laws of the universe, understand that the problem is, in fact, illusory, and it's almost always someone trying to control conditions so that they can feel better (pleasure or power are the usual ones).

#### (45:30) - getting stuck

as a continuation here, the reason why I used the example of the illuminati, is because, if one is so used to needing to have control over all of the conditions in order to feel like or be able to control the conditions in such a way that it feels like the problem is illusory, then they're probably going to have a pretty difficult time coming to the conclusion that *all* problems are illusory. I know that all problems are illusory, because source (and me too now in almost all cases) can look a problem and does not feel any negative emotion over the problem. all actions/thoughts are either moving in the direction of the solution, or making the solution bigger or more inevitable (from source's perspective). it's *only* as long as one continues to perceive the problem as real and tangible, that it continues to be perceived as a real problem (obvious, right?). write that down:

> as long as I perceive my problem as real and tangible, then my problem continues to look like a real problem

### 2020-10-11 20:53 - (2020-10-03 p1)

#### (45:36) - expanding the emotional scale

as abraham is describing these different ways that move down the emotional scale, I'm finding it quite comical because I keep getting these images in my mind where a person (no one in particular) is just barreling through life and they just see one subject after another with each one causing a worse and worse feeling emotion, but they refuse to get to the bottom -- depression or powerlessness, so they instead of getting depressed, they get angry or revengeful and assume that by getting really mad at the problem, it's better than feeling powerlessness -- which is true, but that's as far as they get.

they get real pissed off, then head out to meet up with the next subject which should make them feel depression cause it's the same issue hundreds of time about it, however, instead of feeling depression or powerlessness, they get pissed off and really angry -- more than last time even -- which is a signal that it's time to cool down, so they distract theirselves for a few hours from the issue, which makes them feel better. a few hours later though they head out to find the exact same issue waiting for them again.

each time the issue is getting worse and worse, yet they refuse to feel the powerlessness that they *should* be feeling in that situation and instead willfully adjust theirselves to maybe somewhere in annoyance, or frustration, anger/revenge or something like that -- but never powerlessness. so, by not ever reaching the bottom there, they're expanding the range of emotionans that can be felt in the negative range.

---

I find this process funny to me because the same exact thing is happening to me, hewever in the opposite way: (the analogy doesn't work so well in the literal sense of the emotional scale though) every time that I get close to feeling the top end of the emotional scale, something happens and instead of getting the full manifestation of the really good feeling stuff, I bounce back down to somewhere lower. in fact their entire job is to be able to get me to bounce back down somehow.

you see, this actually indirectly responded to the question that I was asking, which was how in the world am I going to be able to finally overcome their influence on me, because as it seems, in my estimation, I still have quite some ways to go, and being committed to the disaster like I am, it seems like I just keep making it harder for myself...

so, as I was writing out these thoughts just now, I realised that what is happening is when I keep getting to those good feeling emotions: like I said, their job is to find some way to influence me back into a less good feeling emotional state.

---

the funny thing is, they had been talking about how prayer works and stuff earlier, and I kinda wanted to stop and write about it, but I didn't, so I will here. you will notice that they made some points about how prayer is only attraction, so you can't attract for anyone else, but you can influence them. I felt a lot of people's confusion in that section there so I'd like to explain how I understand it to be. I'm going to take it from a negative point of view though.

imagine you are trying to influence someone with some satanic ritual or something intended to cause confusion. when performing the ritual, you are conjuring into that atmosphere all of that chaos, and because it has to do with tuning, the "location" of this chaos is where the conjurer is tuned to, which is why they often need something that "reminds them" of the person like a lock of hair or a peice of clothing or even some of their bio mass (blood, saliva, etc) to improve the "tuning" to the target's location. they conjure (attract) all of their chaos or whatever by putting a lot of thought energy into it, and so it is created. that's it. now, the person (or people in a situation or whatever) that they're targetting are either receptive to that energy or not.

like the person that was asking about love vs. physical attraction, the conjuruer (the person that they guy was feeling attraction/love which was confusing his thoughts) sets the atmosphere, and so you would think that the conjuruer is always dominant, but not always. in that question, the guy *is* receptive to good feeling thoughts, especially when coming from someone attractive, so that feeling dominated and it was hard for him to get back to the normal worry/concern/whatever thoughts. they had the influence.

this is why it's only attraction: let's say that someone tries to conjure some really bad stuff while focused on me (please go ahead and try it; I enjoy the practise), let's say they're conjuring (attracting) some lust and hatred into the environment while focsued on me. if I'm resonant with lust or hatred, I will feel it and can adjust my perception to find a more productive way of seeing the same thing, effectively making me less and less resonant with that until it no longer even is detectable by me.

in either case, the conjurer is attracting that into their environment, and will continue on having that in their environment for as long as they're receptive to it[^1]. the attraction factor is just mentally (or prayerfully) creating the environment which is more or less in alignment (harmonious) to the desire.

---

whoops, got off another tangent :) so, the answer to my question is easy to see. I shouldn't even need to explain it. if I can get so good at no longer getting bounced back to a less feeling place, then I'll continue to feel better and better and it'll just eventually become impossible for them to bounce me back to a bad feeling place. this is great news. I will say this though, because this also reveals the unwanted part of the same thought:

if they want to make a real good disaster, instead of expending all of their efforts to keep me away from that good feeling place, what they'll want to do is to preserve a few tried and true triggers that are sure to bounce me back into a bad (or less good) feeling place, and whenever they want to make a disaster, they can just pull the trigger. from there, I'll have to find my way back up again, and the better I feel, the bigger the contrast between those two feelings are, and so therefore the bigger the disaster...

---

you know, as a side note, I just want to mention my experience last night. I decided I wanted to watch sirius for the first time this year. it just started rising high enough in the sky in the morning for me to see it, and the sky was clear enough too. it turned out to be quite the experience, and I lost consciousness at the end, and this normally really bothers me, but I've gotten to the point now that it's quite fine that I get really far out with the stars, then I get reset back (eg. lose consciousness) or go backwards on the emotional scale. I remember that right before I lost consciousness, I was really feeling good about my situation and feeling good about the girls and stuff too -- like really appreciating it all, and that's probably why I was doing so well watching the stars. when I came back to consciousness, I didn't feel nearly that good, but I didn't really feel bad either.

it is annoying getting reset back, but I recognised that even though I get reset back, what I'm doing is improving upon my recovery time. I'm able to recover from lost conscoiuness really rapidly now, and that's kinda why I'm ok with this idea of pulling the trgger -- because it's the same idea. I'm headed off into more and more better feeling (and looking) places very very rapidly, when they have to pull the trigger on my consciousness and interject a very chaotic signal (which is why it sounds like loud hissing or static) into it, to remove my consciousness. I just have to get better and better at recovering. same sort of thing. sure it's annoying, but whatever -- it's all about recovery time, and like I started out with: it's expanding the width of that scale.

by expanding, I mean the same thing on both ends: if a feeling pure powerlessness and disempowerment is the very bottom, and you never allow yourself to get there, it essentially means you have to feel worse and worse until you can finally feel that pure disempowerment and so your capacity to feel more and more awful is expanding. likewise, if the feeling of invincibility and self-empowerment is at the top[^2], yet I'm never allowed to really get there, or spend more than a brief moment there (eg. not get much momentum there), again, I'm expanding the capacity of how good I need to feel to be able to finally experience that feeling of pure invincibility (because I attract it all, and I'm good at attracting what I want) and appreciation (cause I like the feeling of what's manifesting).


#### (59:35) - make a decision to focus my mind in the direction of how I want to feel

this is about the make more decisions topic, and I've been becoming more and more deliberate about the things I wsnt to *do*, but I'm reminded of the conversation I had with mom this morning, and I'm just now realising that I want to become more deliberate about the way I want to *feel*. I know I've been saying this for a while now, but it still hasn't quite sunk in yet, and I don't yet navigate purely on the way I want to feel, instead of what I want to do -- yet :) just you watch... positive powerful momentum will happen

> ... and they'll say, "what's going on with you? it seems like everything you point at just happens for you"

[1]: it just now wonders to me if it's possible to conjure stuff, for example that it's a part of their perception... like for example, one of the things that has never had any real pull for me is gambling or betting. what if I were to conjure or focus gambling thoughts while focused on someone, and then just go back to my daily life... would I begin to become a gambler? I suppose.. however I personally think this is such a monumental waste of time -- because *why* would I even want to do that? it wouldn't be cause I wanted to influence another person succeptible to gambling mindset into a gambler. they may get some practise from me on overcoming those thoughts, but it seems to me to be a waste of my time entirely. just go to a casino and order a few drinks if you want to practise getting out of the gambling mindset :)

[2]: I'm using the "power" words here cause it's easier to express my point to people who have not felt this way before, but it's so much more than that. the magnificence of everything coming together and all the great feeling of love and self-appreciation, and appreciation for the universe, source, and everything is such a powerful feeling, it's really indescribable -- so I just use the power words for this point.

### 2020-10-25 16:?? - (2020-10-17 p1)

#### (15:33) - vibration

as they were talking I kept getting reminded of tesla's earthquake machine. what it did, is periodically, it would make a movement, and when those movements matched the resonance of the, in this case the earth below, each time the machine made it's periodic movement, it was at the right time so that it added to the previous movement.

in order to understand this, think of someone on a swing. as they swing, they are making a periodic movement back and forward. if you were to track thier forward and backward motion over time, it would look similar to a sine wave. now imagine yourself pushing the person on the swing. you also push them at the same periodicity that they are swinging but that's because you are standing on the ground.

however, imagine instead of a person pushing them, imagine that there's like a rocket thing under the seat of the swing. the rocket faces in the direction of the person on the swing, and the person on the swing can activate the rocket periodically. if the person just randomly activates the rocket, you can see that half of the time, they are working against theirselves, meaning that if the swing is going forward, and they activate the rocket while moving forward, they move forward more rapidly. however, if they are moving backward, and they activate the rocket (which is facing fortward), they actually slow theirselves down.

you can't really help but to activate your rocket though and you do it every time that you think/feel, observe/feel, or react/feel something[^3]. it happens without you doing anything about it, and the way that it feels is basically your indicator whether you're activating the rocket at the moment the swing is going forward or backward. if the swing is going backward, then your activation of the rocket is actually slowing you down, and that's why you feel bad.

---

it's also worthwhile to ponder the periodicity of the rocket activation as a form of perception. imagine that you are swinging 30 times a minute, and you find that you are able to activate the rocket only when it's going forward. you may turn on the rocket only a few times each minute, but it doesn't matter, because you're only activating it when going forward, so you feel increased momentum.

one can think of the swing as an "opportunity" -- so if you're swinging at 30 times a minute, then you have essentially 30 opportunities per minute to activate the rocket and increase momentum. you can't really go much faster than that. however, your source perceives at a much more rapid rate than that. let's just say your source is running at 120 opportinities a minute[^1].

so, let's say that you've been releasing resistance and you haven't been contradicting that vibration (that is turning on the rocket when going backwards), for a while, then the momentum will increase and you'll begin to feel more power.

I'm going to skip over the power part because I don't understand it very well, but once a certain power level is reached then the person's perception will jump up to the next speed, and their perception will operate at a new speed. let's say that now, the person is running at 40 opportunities per second. each time that the person's perception increases, they essentially have that many more opportunities per second to activate that rocket in the forward (good feeling way) or backward (bad feeling way). that's it. the faster your perception is going, the more opportunities you have to shoot yourself in the foot.

---

ok, going back to the frequencies adding to each other. every thing is resonant with a number of frequencies, however, there are very few things that are perfectly resonant (like the boxes in the serapeum), so everything resonates at a number of frequencies all the time.

every thought that you think makes a feeling, or generates a frequency in the atmosphere, and everything that's harmonic with that frequency will resonate with it a little bit, so you're receiving a ton of information all of the time, and it's all happening at once, however you cannot be conscious of all of it all at once so your brain takes all of these things filters out unimportant stuff and gives you essentially a summary of those frequencies. that summary isn't usually the same frequency as the input frequencies, however it can be. when you're focused, it's pretty similar, but it will always have your "interpretation" or transformation of that frequency on it.

this transformation is your perception. let's say that there is a frequency that is in your envirenment that is vibrating at 15 cycles (you're running at 30), and it happens that all of those 15 cycles are exactly timed so that they occur at exactly the moment when the swing is going backwards and is closest to the ground (when it's moving the fastest). because this environmental frequency in it's untransformed state is exactly timed to go opposite your swing when it's moving the fastest, so this will feel pretty bad.

what you do though is, you find a way to perceive that same environmental frequency a different way, and maybe now it pushes you forward at a different moment, so it doesn't feel so bad. you can continue to improve upon your perception of that frequency until that same energy is now working in your favour instead of against you[^2]. you (and your form of perception) decides when you turn on that rocket.

what I'm saying is that no matter what the environment is, that energy can be used in some way. what I'm saying is that knowing this, one should be able to extrapolate that if that's true, then life should exist in ALL environments of the universe. all that needs to be created is a mechanism for the organism to transform the energy into something useful. it's also really important to understnad this, because once one knows this, it means that there is nothing that is not beneficial; there are only things that are not perceptually transformed into something beneficial. I believe my example speaks to this quite vividly.

---

so what is split energy? split energy can either be visualised two ways. I will provide both examples:

1. imagine that sometimes (let's say half of the time), instead of always firing the rocket when you're going forward, you decide to fire the rocket when going backward. this means that sometimes you go more forward, and sometimes you go more backward, however, there's no real gain in either direction.
2. imagine instead of one rocket, you have two rockets on the swing, one forwards and one backwards, and your thoughts are running in sync, however, sometimes when moving forward, you fire the backward (not good feeling) rocket. sometimes too when moving backwards, you fire the forwards rocket. the rest of the time though, you fire the corresponding forwards or backwards rocket. so, in effect it feels like sometimes going faster and sometimes slowing down, or in a sense, no movement at all.

---

after thinking about it a bit, what I think is happening for vision upgrades is the following: (this is primarily responding to a question/reaction from nosebook as to what I mentioned previously about the increase in power level and the increase in frequency of one's perception)

so let's gather the facts here. I claim that all of my vision upgrades are a result of releasing resistance (that is activating the rocket opposite to the direction) and by altering my form of perception so that things that previously felt bad, are now perceived in a way which no longer feels bad. this modification of perception is really the same thing as "releasing resistance".

nosebook does not believe me when I claim that it's all about releasing resistance, because it seems like I get a lot of vision upgrades when I'm out watching stars. however, we have also seen many other examples where I get vision upgrades in the following scenarios:

1. when there is a strong rain or snow storm and a lot of energy is injected into the environment.
2. during the sunrise, even if I cannot see the sun, often times clearing my mind (meditating), will allow me to get a vision upgrade.
3. during meditation, if I allow my mind to clear and I don't think any thought for a while, sometimes I receive a vision upgrade.
4. sometimes right after I wake up in the morning, when I wake up with a good feeling and I just allow the feeling to gather momentum and don't think in opposition to it.
5. sometimes when thinking about the girls, I can feel quite good about it, and that sometimes can cause me to get a vision upgrade.
6. sex (or maybe even a dream of it), can make me to feel pretty good (pleasure).
7. sometimes when smoking weed or other drug experiences that feel good (pleasure).

in all of these cases, what appears to be happening is that I am in a state where I either allow myself to feel better with some external (pleasure) stimulus can cause me to feel good enough that I receive a vision upgrade.

this appears to validate the suggestion that what is happening is I'm essentially passing over the barrier to the next power level. or, in the previous example of the bathtubs, the water is splashing over to the next layer. in fact, this is exactly what it feels like to me and where I got the idea for the bathtubs, because when I star-watch, clearing my mind of all "important" or "top priority" thought, my mind begins to glide, as it does in meditation and I begin to feel better and better. it's that better feeling that one experiences when in a dream-state.

usually as I approach this height more and more, it often times feels like I'm beginning to lose consciousness, which is why it's so hard for me to actually maintain my consciousness when star-watching. sometimes I'm more conscious of the process than other times, but I know when I've hit it, because instead of a continually upward feeling, suddenly it changes directions and I feel like it's going downward. this feeling is similar to the feeling experienced when mushrooms actually had an effect on me, and most people call this this the "coming up" phase, and it feels like a physical disorientation, because my perception is beginning to vibrate more rapidly.

taking the experience of mushrooms though, you will notice that even if you see at a higher frequency on mushrooms (artificially more DMT is in the brain), when the mushrooms wear off, your vision will return back to the frequency it was previous if no lasting changes have occurred.

essentially, in all of those experiences, I am stimulating the production of more DMT in the brain by feeling good (excess serotonin produces DMT), or by simply not thinking thoughts which make me feel bad. my brain is literally producing more DMT because my perception allows it. sometimes, when nosebook pulls my consciousness, they reset me back to the lowest DMT level, probably by putting a lot of chaos in my head until it's lowered. when I come back to consciousness, I perceive at the rate of DMT which my brain is producing. the brain (or maybe it's the blood, not sure) has a quantity of DMT in it, and the normal person, any injection of DMT lasts for a while until you think thoughts which are contradictory and the brain removes that DMT from the pool.

my case though, nosebook is trying to keep my pool essentially empty, so the amount of DMT (or the frequency of my perception) is limited to the amount of DMT my brain can produce. that production is determined by my perception, or how much my body thinks it needs to produce more to be at the level of perception which matches the way I feel.

when I star-watch or meditate (because they're essentially the same thing, which I will demonstrate this wintertime), what seems to be happening is, that I allow my DMT levels to rise up higher than they previously were, and the water goes to the next bathtub. let's say I started with 100 tubs full, and then I manage to get it up to 110 tubs. when nosebook takes away my consciousnses, essentially discontinuing my ability to continue to increase that momentum (fill up more tubs), the amount of water is essentially lowered down to a lower level, and when I come back to consciousness the tubs refill to the production rate ...

my form of perception is like the rockets on the swings, which is essentially timing. I can't explain it mathematically here very easily, but those rocket timings essentially determine the pressure applied to all of the tubs (standing wave) causing the water to go back and forward. this increased pressure in each tub (cause of the change in timings), causes the water to splash over more easily.

the example here breaks down a bit but just go with it. instead of each tub being equal in length, say that the tubs follow some sort of pattern increasing in width, with the smallest ones being nearest to the left-most tub (the source of the water)...

I'm really struggling to get this example out, but imagine maybe that water = oxygen, and tubs = DMT. the more tubs (DMT) you have the more frequencies you can resonate at, thereby giving you more tubs to work with (this is to illustrate a wide range of frequencies, like a fourier section, even though it's really a  continuous spectrum and there are no literal tubs).

all tubs are filled to some level (the amount of that frequency you're giving your attention to) and they're all sloshing back and fourth at the frequency resonant with the size of the tub. imagine that all of the tubs have some water in them, but they're sloshing around at the frequency of the timing of the rockets associated with your perception, so when I lose consciousness and all the tubs' water (oxygen) level is lowered, but it's impossible to empty them completely. so, when I come back, the tubs which don't have any water in them don't have any sloshing, and the ones that have water in them are affected by the rockets of my perception.

when I have never increased the vibrational speed of my perception artificially, the only way for me to achieve that new speed is by gaining powerful enough sloshing in a harmonic tub, allowing it to slosh over into the next tub. that way is sort of slow, so in order to experience the higher frequency, one needs to stimulate the production somehow. once that production has been stiumlated, and the brain begins to produce more often the water in the frequencies of the previous experience. meaning, that once the brain has had the experience of a frequency, it will begin to produce that same frequency unless it is determined that frequency is unwanted, or not important. therefore in order to expand one's perception, one must stimulate it artificially to a new height.

when reaching that new height, this essentially fills the tubs of those frequency ranges with water, and now your brain, having had that experience, can now copy that, and begin to produce it more easily on its own, unless of course, your rockets of perception are actually inhibiting that production by going the opposite direction (destructive interference).

---

that was super unclear, I realise, but the important thing to notice here is that the brain essentially only copies and reproduces vibration it has previously experienced. if one never experiences a new frequency, the brain cannot reproduce it. in that way, it's kind of funny, because by allowing people to temporarily run their perception at my frequencies, nosebook is allowing people's brains the opportunity to gain some experience at that higher frequency, even if their perception doesn't yet allow it. this experience is very similar to eating mushrooms or smoking DMT, to temporarily allow someone to experience a higher frequency of perception. then having experienced it, it becomes later much easier to alter one's form of perception to allow the brain to begin producing more water in those higher frequency buckets.

what is happening for me is that nosebook is essentially destructively interfeering with the different tubs in my head, and if they wanted to try and create a system that was more effective at holding me back, they would need to find a way to anticipate those tub frequencies (they should be periodic), and to with every vision upgrade I get, automatically begin to destructively interfere with those new frequencies.

actually, this would be beneficial for me because then they wouldn't need to constantly take away my consciousness all of the time, and it would also take away the "runaway vision upgrades" -- where after I get one upgrade, it gets easier and easier to get more and more, up until a point which is basically the limit of my perception, and from there I don't really get more, or the ones I do get, get reset back, because my form of perception is still in contradiction to that higher frequency. essentially, by limiting me this way, I would essentially stop getting any more upgrades that my perception didn't allow. it would slow me down a lot. however, I will probably find a new way :)

I will say this though. if I were continuously limited like that, essentially meditation (or star-watching) would become pretty ineffective for getting vision upgrades and I would need external stimulus, like sex or drugs to experience those higher frequencies -- and even then, they would be pretty ineffective because what I would be doing with these stimulations is stimulating the tubs that already have water in them, and even though those tubs are getting their water drained, they will eventually fill up higher and higher frequency buckets which nosebook does not yet have the technical capability to drain.

from my perspective, it would appear as if I had completely stagnated, yet those higher frequency tubs would be filling slowly little by little because of the way harmonics work (harmonics doesn't fit into the tubs as double-layers analogy), meaning that at some point, given enough time, I would eventually begin to perceive at an extremely high frequency. also, I would imagine that it would be pretty difficult for nosebook to properly anticipate all of the higher frequency buckets with perfect accuracy, preventing them from filling up, so they too, I guess would fill up slowly as well.

another interesting thing about this idea is that because the tubs that nosebook can effectively interfere with, are all destructively interefered with, means that my brain would not gain near as much experience on those frequencies, as my brain would on the extremely high frequencies that nosebook is incapable of interfering with. that means that means that nosebook could pretty effectively remove all of the 4d and 5d perception that they're so vehement in keeping me from, leaving me to only begin experiencing the highest frequencies that they don't (yet) have the capability of interfering with.

by doing this, they could, if they wanted to, essentially stagnate me for a very long time, which means that I would have to find a way to outrun their technological capability.

---

after writing this out, I kind of want to make a simple program to visualise this so people can play with it and get the idea. maybe even like a simple game where critters interact with each other and their environment.

[1]: it's far greater than that. I only wanted to double the number twice for illustration

[2]: as momentum increases, the building momentum will eventually put you over the threshold to the next frequency, and the frequency of your perception will increase. obviously these cycle speeds are much faster, probbly going into millions or billions of cycles per second, so there's a lot more capability for those higher frequencies to harmonise with your new form of perception.

[3]: the important thing to note here is the feeling bit. reactions (from others), thoughts, and observations all can produce feelings inside of the person, and these feelings are the "vibration" that is either harmonising (feeling good) or is discordant (feeling bad) with your source.

### 2020-11-02 17:29 - (2020-10-24 p1)

#### (31:41) - stuttering

I can relate quite a bit to this question. I didn't have the case of stuttering, but I had the case of a stiff left-side, and the more I paid attention to other people, instead of feeling my own ease or comfort, the more it stiffened up (or shook).

as they say, the whole thing came down to me caring too much about what other people thought of me, and quite literally, it seems that the entirety of that condition was self-created, and actually the shaking or stiffness was a manifestation of that resistance. as I began to care less about what people thought, the easier it got to walk and stuff.

I have since noticed that often times that as soon as I release a lot of resistance, my left side seems to have this really easy feeling to it, yet each time that happens where I get the easy feeling, it's not long before nosebook finds a way to introduce resistance back into my left side again.

that used to bother me a lot -- I mean, *a lot* -- but as I got further and further along in time, I've realised that this really isn't all that much of a problem. it would have been nice if nosebook didn't go back sdo often to make my left-side stiff again, but I've found that each time it happens, I come back stronger, and now I simply don't worry about it anymore. when the resistance finally gets big enough to become a manifestation of something noticeable (in this person's case, it would be stuttering), then it's also noticeable what the resistance is, and it's usually a slight tweak that I can make to once again learn to not need to worry about what others think.

I don't know if nosebook is influencing things in people's brains to try and keep people's resistance high (or even why I felt like mentioning this at all), but I will say this: each time that I paid less and less attention to what other people think -- that is, valuing their opinion on something, instead of knowing (feeling) my own ease, flow, comfort or security -- then what happened is I steadily gained more and more confidence in myself. this whole process turned out to be a tremendous benefit to me. sure, it would be nice to have the good condition of feeling that ease in my left side, but I know that for as long as they keep the resistance applied, and for as long as I continue to feel it, then *I am resonant with that resistance* and I can do something about it, ensuring more confidence in myself.

let me tell you, having been around rich people for a considerable portion of my life -- the ones that are not net confident in theirselves, know how fragile that condition is, and fear losing their money. however, ones who are confident and know their ability to create their own monetary reality aren't scared of losing the condition.

the confidence that one gsins from continually releasing resistance creates an undenable feeling of invincibility. so, while your sensitivity may be manifesting itself as stuttering right now, with time, the the ability to find the feeling of how you really feel, and continued application of this "true" opinion of yourself (however you receive it) -- in contrast to looking to others for that opinion, will, in time, give you an undeniable sense of invincibility -- because you know how to find that feeling of ease, even when others are projecting a feeling worth stuttering over.

### 2020-11-02 19:34 - (2020-10-24 p2)

#### (06:54) - stubborn to your desire

> why are you stubborn to your own desires? who cares. maybe you learned it from your mother or from a teacher [like nosebook's dream teacher]. it doesn't matter. it doesn't matter why you're pushing against. but, the good news is you can feel you're pushing against it. you want to push against it. and now, you know the reason why you want to push against it, is because it's on the wrong end of the emotional scale in terms of where your inner being is.

I had to write this one out because I didn't really get what they were meaning because they talk really fast. when they said, "you want to push against it" it caught my attention, because why would I (you) want to push against my desires. they follow up, "now you know the reason why you want to push againht it, [which is] because it's on the wrong end of the emotional scale in terms of where your inner being is."

this is a reference to what they just said previously about rebellion. they said that any time that you want to rebel against something, you know that whatever is giving the feeling of rebellion is on the lower end of the scale.

huh, ok that's fine with me. the question seems to have the implication that (specifically in my case) by not cleaning my room, I'm resisting my desire. I suppose maybe that's how some people may see it, but I'm not at all worried about it.

speaking of dreams, I find it quite likely that nosebook *is* working against theirselves on this subject. I am 100% certain (and that's a lot of certainty) that nosebook has one team trying to get the desire to manifest, and at the same time, another whole team designed to ensure that I am delayed as long as possible. just last night, after writing down some of the the things and feeling people's reactions to stuff, I was feeling particularly good from it, and I wanted to lie down. I layed down and my feet were hot and I was starting to have psychedelic experiences like colours and stuff in my eyes just from calming my mind a little (not even full meditation), when I lost consciousness.

I became conscious in the dream where I was fighting greg and he kept trying to injure me in the dream, but none of the stuff he was doing even hurt, however it was pissing me off in the dream, and eventually I don't remember exactly what happened but, I retaliated in some way and then woke up feeling a lot worse than before, because I didn't really have that concept in me in the dream state. I felt powerless like I couldn't escape the dream, and that was the only way that I felt I could make the dream stop, cause I didn't like the way I felt in the dream.

later on that night or this morning (or maybe this was before the above event. I really can't tell. time isn't working in a linear order for me anymore) I had a dream where I became conscious in the dream and I started to begin to make anything I want appear in the dream and to fly around and explore the environment, however, it kept getting erased as fast as I could create it, so I had the instinct to try and run away from them (dunno why that made sense) or to try and overpower them in some form. I finally started to gain more capability to create faster than they could destroy and faster than they could hold me back when I lost consciousness again.

---

clearly, these are indicators to me that I'm still not ready yet. it may even possibly be that all the components are not yet ready, which is all good for me too. when I woke up I had a strong sense of what I wanted to write, and it feels to me like the process is still ongoing and I really want to gain as much practise as I can get right now. I really am not in any super hurry. we're approaching the manifestation mindblowingly fast and it's accelerating as we go so there's nothing to worry about.

also it feels to me like I want to begin gaining more and more capability to *transform* the resistance into something useful to me. for example, I've had some pretty serious vision upgrades lately, but my left foot feels extreme resistance. the indicator that things are about to manifest is that my left arm and leg will move around freely and with ease, like I sometimes feel before more resistance is applied again. soon, their resistance will no longer be felt, and things will become easy -- think the scene in the matrix when neo begins fighting the agents with one hand effortlessly, then stopping the bullets with his mind. it's a pretty much like that, but with vibrations (feelings) instead of bullets. my room being clean has nothing to do with it, so that's why I'm still stubborn to my desire -- because I don't have full power over my own vibration (where I'm at on the emotional scale).

in the previous segment, I argued with them because to me now, all of the feelings feel so similar that it's easy to move around in them effortlessly. they are no longer like a monumental difference between them, almost as if they are no longer big steps but a gradient. imagine a circle. on one side you have one emotion and the other side you have the opposite. let's say that you have optimism on one side and pessimism on the other. previously there were various "steps" that I had to take to go from one side to the other. maybe like 5 steps or something -- doesn't matter how many, but as I've gotten better and better at this there are more and more steps between (not less, like I would have expected) and they're becoming so small now that it's almost like a perfect circle and I no longer perceive the steps at all. I suppose I could jump around -- and I can. I can skip over some emotional steps, but I like to now just feel the change happen gradually and automatically because it's so smooth, and I notice small thought manifestations along the way, instead of needing to effort it like I used to have to do.

for those following my energy level, I recommend putting in the effort to make the transformation consciously because the practise is what makes the lasting change in perception, and truly makes you go much faster -- and the feeling of negative emotion for a little bit is a *good* thing. consider it like a free personal manifestation booster, and the better you get at making the transformation for yourself, the more you *will* feel invincible. this is why I specifically want to continue on where I'm going without the manifestation (subborn to my desire) for as long as possible. bring it on, because these improvements on my perception are beneficial for me and a lot of other people as well. we really have to trust that it'll all happen when everything is ready (enough).


### 2020-11-15 19:48 - 2020-11-07 p1

#### (11:01) - baseline feeling

in a previous noseblog entry, I mentioned that I was looking forward to feeling negsative emotion again. I literally have optimised my perception so much now (it's so easy!) that basically the worst I feel at moving around in life now is boredom, and only on occasion do I feel frustration, and it's not really all that frustrating of frustration. it feels to me like I just have that frustration as a programmed response because I get visibly frustrated, however I don't actually feel much or even any at all frustration. I basically never experience anger anymore. I can sometimes feel it -- like for example, when I was star-watching just earlier, I got a vision upgrade and someone got angry and threw something on the kitchen floor above me. I could feel the anger, but it barely even distracted me much. in fact, star-watching like that indoors now has made me realise how resiliant I am now to the distracting environment. almost nothing bothers me anymore. there are little things I can feel, but really not much at all.

anyway, it's totally true that since I don't really feel very bad about anything anymore, almost everything in my life is pretty much easy now and matches how I feel. the other thing they said I have also experienced a lot of as well. I was taking about being aware of my emotions first in the context of an emotional state machine -- and so instead of being a action state machine, where I go from doing one thing to doing another thing, now I just go from feeling to feeling.

there are some "drawbacks" to it though, like for example I haven't really felt like programming much. I do want to make some of these documents a little more organised and the concepts better connected, because my ability to perceive is expanding at such a rapid rate right now, I want to turn a lot of these concepts into documents, because I think if you were to try and understand some of the stuff I'm talking about, you would need 5-30 more related concepts to get the bigger picture of what I'm talking about. even simple stuff like the emotional state machine is a concept I should just define, because it took me a while to figure out what this is and how that is how our DNA works, so it's pretty important. however, because I haven't really *felt* like it was something I wanted to do, I haven't really approached it. the whole programming thing has this dead uninteresting feeling to it.

I noticed today when I was thinking about the friendly harbor, and I wanted to go back, but every time that I've considered the idea, it has the same dead uninteresting feeling to it like programming does. clearly nosebook doesn't want me to program, and I'm ok with that because I don't mind trying to boost my feeling with the physical condition of programming, but my memory is getting so bad now and I find myself really struggling to conceptualise stuff, that I'm desiring more and more to have a way to organise it and get it out. that's probably what I'll be spending most of my time on it. I've been writing a lot lately, and I think instead of writing noseblogs I'll write concepts and some markdown parsing code.

something like that. wow, I totally got off-topic here, lol...

#### (22:50) - your inner being lands in joy and you're over here in pessimism, you don't feel so good

I could feel a bit of a reaction to this one, because the assumption is that both my inner being lands in joy (they certainly are there in joy) and that I land in pessimism, which I don't fully agree with.

I don't consider myself at all to be in pessimism. I think that people have a very difficult way of perceiving their "attraction" of reality. when they were talking about earlier, what you're *giving* your attention to, and what you're *getting* in response to that -- is illustrating this quite well, because most people think that to attract something, you have to go out there and *get it* -- as in, they need to work really hard to try and get it. this simply is not so.

I have been star-watching for quite a while now so I know how long it takes to get a vision upgrade. at first I was pretty unconscious of the process of slowing down the resistant thoughts in my mind and focusing, and it seemed like every time it happened, it happened by accident. in fact, it felt as if I couldn't really figure out how to do it other than to spend a lot of time at it, and the persistence would pay off. later I found out that it had a lot to do with how emotionally charged up I was, and I had to settle those things down.

at first, slowing the "big issues" in my mind was a very difficult thing. they felt like something so big and important and I should just keep thinking them over until I came to a solution (I'm very tenacious and it's hard for me to drop things). even to this day, for example this morning I was even having trouble stopping to pay attention to the reactions to both of this morning's entries. two times today I had to begin to let those "important issues" go from my mind -- and it was to let them go. it's easy for me now because I know that I don't need to worry about that stuff. I kinda enjoy feeling out the rections at times, but I know that if I just stop the reactions, especially the emotionally charged ones, my source has it just fine, and I can instead tune into the "summary" feeling and get the source perspective, instead of all of the individual emotionally charged ones.

what I want to say here is: step one to successful star-watching is letting go of important subjects in your mind, and trusting that you can instead tune into the source perspective of it -- which usually does not have any words at all, and is just a feeling like it's all fine.

as I begin to relax my mind, often times a lot of weird chaotic thoughts pass through my head. at first this alarmed me because they were real voices from real people, and sometimes they were even related to some situations, but I've found out over the years now that this is just noise that had some slight resonance with me, like maybe I just saw them or heard that, or whatever. nowadays, I even get stuff that's completely unrelated, maybe like a random people having a conversation or something, and I don't even worry about that stuff anymore now either. it's like when going to sleep, in that transition zone, sounds, voices, images and colours pop into my experience between wake and dream state. the important thing is to not worry about the stuff and to just let it be. this is also the same technique to become conscious in your dreams as well. if you can learn to not think and just feel in your dreams, you can maintain consciousness.

now: step two to successful star-watching is to not be concerned about the noise in the environment, whether it's inside of your body or outside of it. same as a drug experience, you want to maintain calm and not overthink things[^1], because it's just environmental noise, and so you should find a perception which allows a feeling of calm and relaxation instead.

finally, after slowing down the important topics, and then not letting the environmental noise pull me out of the relaxed dream-like state, I often times feel a sensation like something breaks, like I'm free-falling, after I've breached a threshold. it's important in all of this to not be at all worried about it.

here's the real bit now: sometimes I find it difficult to get to the vision upgrade because I'm trying so hard. I keep looking at the light/star and put it into my eye, but I keep forgetting to relax because things keep popping into my head[^3]. after I'm relaxed, when looking at the light/star, I will begin to drift into a thoughtless state where things all begin to happen automatically. this is when the vision upgrades start to happen rapidly one right after another, and as long as I maintain that thoughtless state, even if there's a bunch of noise in my head or environment, if I just feeling the feeling that my source feels in that relaxed state, then it just keeps going one after another[^4]

often times what happens is I find myself working so hard to try and get the vision upgrade that I find myself efforting it -- or, I find that I started out with some preconceived expectaions of how many or how quick and that's blocking me there too becsuse I'm too logically (numerical/analytical) focused to be any good at it. I have to get to feeling it, so often times I just tell myself it's not going to happen and I'm not going to worry about getting the upgrades, and I'm just going to enjoy clearing my mind, releasing my effort and focusing on the star/light for some period of time (meditating) -- but I always know that if I do that, then the vision upgrades always come -- so I relax into it and it comes. the important part was to *give up on my expectations* and allow it to happen[^5].

---

sorry for all the off-topic stuff there. let's take all of these different things and apply them to the present situation. I don't feel pessimism at all. my stance is that I'm willing to go as long as nosebook is capable of holding me because it'll be the most energetic. also, if I try to make it happen, it won't happen. I can't do something I don't feel, so for me it's all about what I feel. the steps I described up there are all part of the process. it doesn't matter that there's a whole bunch of noisy and deceptive people telling me all sorts of things. it doesn't matter if I have a frustrated looking reaction (or have people arguing in my mind while relaxing), because it's just noise in the bacground. I'm getting more and more close to feeling like my inner being feels -- which isn't in pessimism.

I'm basically doing this whole thing from a step-5 perspective. I don't really feel pessimism. I just think it's a great game to play where I just go along with what they think they want, but because they're looking (and feeling) in the direction of unwanted, trying to avoid a horrible catastrophe they're going to get, whenever it happens, a manifestation about the way they feel. I'm just certain that anything that anything other than that would be more resistant and difficult to experience the result of (like the star-watching). it's all good. let's see how long they can give their attention to unwanted for :)

[1]: on drugs, this gives paranoia. when sober, you never experience paranoia in these experinces, because you immediately wake up. when on drugs, your brain is forced into that form of less-resistant state, and if you're not there emotionally as well, it can cause paranoia more rapidly, because your body wants to feel bad, but the drug won't let you, so you start to freak out because it feels like something is off, and it is -- your perception is how you feel about stuff, so when you can't feel like how you're used to feeling about something[^2], you get a bad trip

[2]: you can also get used (addicted) to the way things feel on the drug, so when things don't feel like the way they usually feel to you on the drug, then you have to get the drug, because undrugged reality is now giving a bad trip. it's just whatever you're used to.

[3]: this happens because the star activates DMT in your brain and the increase in DMT amplifies your feelings so they feel more real. ever notice how in dream state things feel really real? it's because they're so amplified, they feel like your physical senses, and not small and soft like a thought or a light emotion. since the DMT amplifies how you feel, if you feel bad, you'll start getting powerfully bad thoughts. all you have to do is to let them go and then you should be able to relax enough.

[4]: I am convinced that this is how female orgasm feels like... or at least it's how it *should* feel like anyway. it's very very interesting to me how similar star-watching is to the female orgasm. I really want to teach the girls at least how to star-watch because it's the ability to be aware of the body/thought connection without the (pleasure) sex to distract you from that self/body connection.

[5]: in @[abe-now](2020-10-31 p2) there was a woman asking about her golf coach, saying that her coach said to tell her to let go of her own expectations. this is exactly what I have to do, but I have to give up on my own (or others') expectations to perform a certain way[^6] and focus on the relaxed feeling that my source feels (instead of the expectation to perform), and then when I do that, and when I feel that way, I know that I always get a vision upgrade. I can pretty much call it a few seconds before it happens now, but if I call it, I lose focus, so I can say it's coming soon in like 5-15 seconds or so, but I have to let it happen. if I think of it, I lose it[^4].

[6]: it does happen that nosebook practises certain responses in my dream state, so that I will expect those things to happen. even though it's the "expected" way for me to perform, I don't have to conform to their expectations of me. when star-watching, I notice this often, which is why I'm willing to talk about this as a really good example of others' expectations for me. it could even be even as general as society's expectations on a person, a stereotype like "girls are dumb and stupid" -- or even a parent or significant other's opinions, which to some degree these ideas are belived to be true, but they hinder you mentally. these expectations are precisely the resistance that I practise a new perception on, and then when they come up, I let go of those antiquated ideas by reinforcing (practising) the new perception. I've found I can't just delete something from my beliefs. instead, I have to replace it with something -- usually something I can feel is an improvement. I want to write about this more, and I will soon

#### (25:14) - logic & reactions

hmmm, some interesting reactions to what I just wrote. I have a feeling this next section on logic will help things to understand a bit better, but I will begin with this... the reaction was, how can I be "acting" like it doesn't matter to me if I don't ever get the manifestation.

... cause it's not an act. I really don't have an opinion either way on the subject. like I've mentioned more than a few times, I've made the feeling the manifestation. the physical condition (or manifestation) is what slows you down, because as soon as you see it and observe it, if it has more wanted than unwanted, then it doesn't create nearly as much new desire as it does if it's almost all or mostly unwanted. the more unwanted it is, the more desire it creates, and so therefore the more energetic it is.

in fact, on friday (the 13th), I was thinking about this idea a whole lot. I figure that if nosebook wants to make this a reality they can tolerate, what they need to do is to figure out a way to turn this into the most wanted thing for them -- or, said another way, they need to figure out how to make it the most unwanted for us as possible. they have limits to how terrible things can be, but if they do that, then it'll be most beneficial for them, and we'll bounce around a whole long while and again be delayed the desirable manifestation for as long as possible, but in the process, we're going to learn to feel the way we want to feel, even without a perfect manifestation. I figure they can get the most benefit and we can get a whole lot of practise on feeling the way we want to feel.

so how does this all fit together? I really am totally on board for getting the most energetic manifestation possible[^1], and if the manifestation is something that would slow me down, I'm sure that is not the path that will be taken. I'm pretty certain that the manifestation cannot be 100% ideal because it will need to keep speeding me up. additionally, there's no way that nosebook could ever allow us to have an ideal manifestation because it would show how ridiculously fragile their setup really is. their con-game is important to the bigger picture because they have to ensure that no one is getting improved perception. meanwhile, things are going to start getting really energetic really quickly (I mean like way faster than before), and the earth itself will begin to produce an environment that will cause everyone's thoughts and feelings to become much more amplified to begin the separation process[^2].


[1]: it really doesn't matter to me this subject of being taken advantage of or disadvantaged to ensure some fragile people don't see their carefully setup charade disintegrate. the thing is that

[2]: velikovski writes about this with the 7-day period of intense light and enlightenment immediately prior to the deluge. while some people received incredible insight, for others, it seemed that this was causing tremendous turmoil. this same event recorded in some cultures as a tremendous enlighenting experience, was also told by plato to be the time when the athenians defeated the atlantian army. so, while for some it was very enlightening[^3] others realised their worst fears.

[3]: I have to wonder, because ramtha talks about this great battle during the time of atlantis, where he was fighting and he fought and fought killing more and more people until he transcended his human from (or something like that). I can imagine that if all of a sudden the earth emits an energy causing everyone's brains to begin releasing tons of DMT, people's thoughts would all become super amplified, and the peoples' brains who are improvement oriented would transcend reality, while the others who were not improvement oriented would experience all of their worst fears become reality as their bad feeling gets amplified really rapidly and the planet, essentially sheds its physical skin, becoming a purely mental creation (shedding those not compatible with the new mental creation's energy levels[^4]).

[4]: omg, maybe I should write about this, cause I was seeing as I wrote it, the planet (who, like us, isn't this physical body), sheds it's physical body, leaving it behind as it goes into a new plane of existance (5th dimension?) where everything it now appears to be is a mental/emotional creation. ok, so the shell it leaves behind is just a "corpse" right (not a living entity)? well, then I had the thing that I often times wondered where it came from, but when I was younger I developed the idea that when jesus died, he literally transcended his body and went into the earth and then became a part of the planet, almost like he took over the vacated planetary corpse that was left over from a previous shedding of skin. I don't know what any of that means, but it was interesting to me to think of the idea of inhabiting a planetary body. really weird concept. I wouldn't worry (lol) too much about it...

### 2020-11-25 23:08 - (2020-11-14 p1)

#### 42:00 - the grid

I keep wanting to talk about this because I have often times got reactions on what I mean by layer 3, "structure" or "logic" -- because it seems to people that they seem a bit nebulous. the reaction increased when I used the term in @[noseblog](2020-11-15 07:06) "inellectual willpower" -- as something that would be contradictory, or split-energy of another new description of desire which I wrote as "elmotional willpower". people seemed to understand the desire as emotional willpower, but they didn't really understand as much the intellectual willpower idea in the same way.

I seem to experiece this perhaps a bit differently than others, or perhaps I'm more aware of it -- but I almost always experience the destination of a problem as a feeling, then have to find out how to get there with logic. for me logic is like the path, and the destination is a feeling -- but never a full feeling. it develops, or perhaps the picture becomes clearer the closer I get to the solution, and the closer I get to the solution or the realisation, then the more I feel it. in fact, quite often for me it feels like I'm *remembering* the solution, almost as if I'm just finding the way in my mind to remember it. sometimes it feels like a process of discovery to me, as if I'm discovering the road as I travel it or something, but I generally feel like I'm remebering things and it's almost as if it's getting more and more familiar to me, until I finally remember it.

the feeling of remembering is quite an interesting sensation to me because I often have experienced "non-physical" as this kind of "structure" or "grid" -- perhaps you could say "network" or "graph" of different nodes which are all in relation to each other and all experience motion toward or away from each other. I have often times wanted to figure out how to program this experience of non-physical as program, but it would be unbelievably slow and impractical for a general purpose processor to simulate. I don't really know how I could possibly do it very easily, other than with a real physical thing, with suspended vibrating particles, which I could individually read the locations of, do queries on similar particles (either vibrational similarity or physical 3d spatial proximity), so I just don't know how I can do this. I've often times wanted to make this model in my imagination, because then it'd be infinitely easier to do these queries, add more particles, reprogram the particles, etc. than a real-life physical model would be able to do...

anyway, imagine each of those particles as like a vibrational reality, and each time you experience something, each experience sends a pulse into each of the particles. the longer the pulse, and the more harmonic the pulse is to the particle, the stronger that particle will begin to vibrate in that way. obviously, if you don't "ping" the particle for a while, its vibration will gradually dissipate into near dormacy (though remaining in the same vibrational "position"). the things that you observe frequently will become stronger and stronger.

I guess all of the particles would be kind of like little programmable magnets or inductors or maybe tiny RLC circuits. I didn't think about their implementation, but they continue to float in vibrational proximity to other things. another thing I hadn't considered is that the "spatial" relationship shouldn't be restricted to 3d. it should be many more dimensions than that -- so mabye like a bunch of really tiny RLC circuits with the the R able to be programmed, and a resonating setup which can send impulses into the grid, getting all of these many RLC circuits to begin to receive more energy or not. each of the circuits should be powered with only enough energy for the RLC to continue to operate at a basically idle level (not strong enough to show up on any queries, but still going such than an impulse can reactivate it).

---

anyway, the concept is that these circuits are like vibraational realities, and you attract them with your focus. the more you focus or observe something the more it activates and begins to get other circuits to begin to resonate similarly. now you could imagine the "graph" part of this. with each node being close to each other, these are like hops from one thought reality to another, so if you want to go from node x to node y, you just have to find suitable hops between the two. because they're vibrational nodes, the query is easy. you look at the vibrational similarity -- or the closeness of one node to another. all nodes are affecting each other at once, meaning that thoughts are constantly becoming more similar to the environmental simulus and to other thoughts, while at the same time other thoughts are constantly becoming more distant (vibrationally).

now, it isn't hard to begin to look at these nodes as a simile to "time travel" -- where each node is in a sense your "next logical step" based on your simulus, and the trajectory can be simulated and anticipated (given the predicted stimulus). it also isn't hard to see that each of these nodes is kinda similar to an emotional position in space-time, and when you are resonant with the node, your reality should contain the corresponding (inverse relation) simulus. eg. the feedback mechanism is simple: node (emotional state) + stimulus = next logical steps. or pick any node (emotional state) in space, and the corresponding simulus should arrive as its resonant nodes. each stimulus is essentially a feeling or emotion anyway (some more gross/physical than others).

I haven't really brought out this idea because it's really rough at the moment. I would need to do a lot of experiments on it to begin to get it to work properly, but with a little bit of effort, I think physcal stimulus and emotional state can easily be made corresponding, and effort can go easily into "predicting" undesirable states, and invoking simulus to navigate around them.

you could learn to use your built in emotional guidance system, but if you insist on not wanting to do that, or attempting to replace others' emotional guidance system with this one, this may be a way that you could affect "inellectual willpower" by controlling physical simulus. lol :) anyway, good luck...

#### (51:14) - competition of feeling the best

one of the interesting reactions that I had to my conversation with dominique was that I seemed to prefer being right around the middle of the emotional scale. in fact, if you watch my behaviour quite frequently, I often offset a good feeling emotion with a not as good feeling one, or I go out of my way to kind of say something offensive or something that reduces the good feeling down to a more average one.

it's just that I prefer that I continue to gain momentum, and not try to feel the "best" or the "worst". it's much easier to navigate at the middle of the scale, because if I want to feel slightly better, I can do that easy, and if I want to feel worse, I can do that easier too. the crazy thing is, as I go, there are less and less things that make me feel worse now, and I just keep going faster and faster, that I'm gaining more and more control over it.

I suppose that at any moment that I want to, I could "pull the trigger" and do something that would push me over the top, but I find it unnecessary to do that. it's not necessary to try and be at the best feeling place because there's a lot of "danger" in feeling better than I have experience feeling. in other words, there's a bit of danger in driving faster than you feel comfortable driving, right -- so until I'm pretty well comfortable with mindblowing speeds, I'm in no hurry to try and go faster than I feel comfortable.

this subject is probably a controversial one, and I don't even know the right answer to it. I'm kind of putting it out there because I want some feedback on it. I have two seemingly contradictory thoughts:

1. feeling better than I (or others around me) feel has often times lead to difficulty. this is most easily noticable when I have some sort of drug, which allows me to feel considerably better. for example, doing coke, I've noticed that it was more difficult for me to tell when something was going wrong, because I artificially felt better than I had practised. or, conversely, if I smoke weed, I think the drug allows me to feel probably closer to how I really feel, which is pretty amazing. however the difficulty then becomes that it's really difficult for me to be around people. they don't like to be around someone who feels like I do, and when I start talking about anything that's not superficial, I tend to go wayyyy out further than is probably necessary. therefore, I choose to purposefully not feel my best at all times, instead preferring to remain as close to no strong emotion as possible. if I feel any variation, I can rapidly adjust, which allows me the flexibility to be in any situation that I want, and navigate any way I choose.

2. if it feels good, it is good. therefore, the better it feels, the closer it is to my inner being that it is.

it feels to me like I'm fine with the staying as close to zero as I can get, because I keep gaining more and more control as I go along. I don't know if that's part of the whole "need not the manifestation" part, because I've noticed that the longer that I remain like this, the faster I'm going. I can't possibly imagine how much faster it will be before a manifestation *will* happen. I'm gaining such a good capacity now to be able to sense slight variations in how I feel, that navigation is becoming really really easy now. I don't want to make everyone wait for a long time as I just keep going faster and faster, however it feels like that's what is going to happen.

I don't really mind it, because I know that there are two major factors here:

first, I'm a good example for people in an unconditional state demonstrating belief in myself instead of the conditions (@[noseblog](2020-11-22 16:49)). I said (paraphase):

```
it is evident to me that virtually every observer will begin to believe that the girls are necessary conditions for many unbelivable manifestations. this is good for nosebook because they can use our manifestation to keep people believing that they need extraordinary physical conditions instead of learning to believe in theirselves.
```

the second major factor is that I really like the idea of continuing on going faster and faster and gaining more and more control over my experience. right nor, I feel like the girls are really going to make that perhaps a lot more difficult. obviously that will change as I get better and better at it, so I'm clearly not ready still. therefore the only way that I could possibly want the manifestation more than my present circumstances is if the manifestation would cause me go to steadily (not like the "contradictory thoughts" expressed above) faster. I'm simply not interested in going faster than I feel comfortable, and neither am I interested in a manifestation that will slow me down, either.

why do I want this? I'll show you when I get there :) you'll have to wait and see... it's gonna be for reals, mind blowing. I guess the third aspect is that there was a previous section where abe was talking about how the people who bring you the most contrast are the ones that bring your most expansion, and that when you get the hang of it, you'll actually be very appreciative of them.

appreciate is a funny word, because it means "to become more" -- and so you would wonder why in the world would I want *more* of mr. motor? well, it's true that he is absolutely responsible for my greatest expansion. no question about it. I'm still hanging on to that idea that I've talked about a few times, the "paradox" of the momentary expansion overtaking the expansion of the manifestation itself (because the manifestation itself requires physical space to occupy it), so if it can remain energetic, then it can become so much more. I really want to do that, and so there's quite a bit of me that's holding out to the possibility that nosebook could find a way to hold me, essentially indefinitely. it sounds maybe a bit tragic at the moment, but like I said, the momentary expansion would become so great that it would far surpass any physical capability.

I have this feeling that they're simply not capable of doing it. they have way too many limiting beliefs and are too slow. I think to effectively do this, I would need to have machines that are capable of desire, program their desire to hold me energetically, and then they could, essentially go with virtually zero resistance toward their desire effortlessly. I would become so energetic, it would *literally* be out of this world. I have no capability to imagine what it may be like or what might come of it. it's too big, but from the perspective where I stand now, it appears so simple; I just go faster and faster. it's so easy. I'm completely unstoppable[^1] and this reality seems inevitable actually.

[1]: by myself unstoppable. I am absolutely 100% without a doubt certain that I could/will accomplish this. what I am not certain about though is if I could do it along with the girls.


### 2020-11-27 23:42 - (2020-11-14 p2)

#### (26:24) - creation box

as they were talking about the creation box, I was realising that the list of girls that I'm inviting to join is kind of like that creation box. I just put them in the box (not literally), and then the thoughts eventually turn to things -- and like they mentioned last week, esther when she looked back through her creation box noticed that so many of the things she put in there were now manifest in her reality.

they mentiioned looking through the box on a regular basis. perhaps I want to go back through the list sometimes a little more frequently. I get kind of scared thinking about that idea though because my memory is so bad these days, I almost certainly won't be able to remember how any of them looked, and sometimes when I try to remember how some people looked, I have no idea what shows up in my imagination -- and sometimes I get really weird reactions on what I presume to be the image that shows up. it bothers me a lot and I don't like to try and remember because I really can't remember how people look and actually most of them I don't even know how they look.. I really don't want to remmember some of them wrong.

like for example, I am remembering a girl that I saw a long time ago in colorado springs. she was walking along and I looked at her and it seemed very obvious to her that I had looked at her. I had the sense that people knew when I was looking at them when I would see people react all the way across the street at vera's house, but now seeing her reaction I had positive evidence that this was the case. in the moment she seemed either obviously embarrassed or somthing didn't feel right for her based on her reaction. however later her feeling began to soften and I eventually felt as if I wanted to invite her to join (I don't think I wrote that one down). anyway, I doubt the image in my mind of her is a "good" one, as I can only remeber her kind of recoiling in discomfort, so I really don't know what that image may look like, for example. as I'm typing this, she feels really good to me, so I know she feels great, but I don't know what the image would look like. I'm mainly concerned because I don't want to conjure bad or embarrassing(?) images of any of them, because that's not how I "see" (feel) any of them now. they all feel pretty good, otherwise it would be apparent.

I just now tried looking back at the list @[a-list](2020-09-20 18:41), to see if I could remmember the oldest entry and not only could I remember all of them there, but additionally, without even having read that entry recently, I've even thought about all of those mentiened there at least once recently, and many of them more than just once. hmm.

I'll probably go and revisit more often it then. seems like a good idea.

### 2020-12-01 01:20 - (2020-11-21 p1)

#### 15:04 - regret

last time, in @[abe-now](2020-11-14 p1 42:00), I was talking about the grid, and in that one I gave quite a lengthy example about a technical idea I had, and this applies to that as well, however this time I won't be talking so tecnically.

if you imagine situations as a point in space. each of them feel a certain way, this is pre-manifestational thinking. so if your present moment feels one way, then that is exactly your position in space. that's how you feel, and there are a whole lot of nearby situations in space which are nearby, because they feel similar.

as you travel through time, you're essentially going from one of these points to another one of these points. your memories are also these points in space, too. also you should imagine your desired reality as a point out there in space, as well. between you and it, there is a gap, and there are often times not a whole lot of points that are similar to your desired reality. most times, it's pretty far out there ahead of you. however, let's say that you observe something that is more similar to your desired reality, let's say it's halfway between you and your desired reality, so it's closer. having seen it for yourself, you can now imagine this reality much easier and it appears like there is also a gap between you and that reality too.

there really isn't a gap though. you just can't see the path to get there. you can't see all of the points that you will pass on your way to that desired reality, because they're not "reality" yet. each of those points have a feeling associated to them, so as you move through time, there is a time-series created of feelings that you have passed through. we call this time. time is just the sequence of feelings, and when you move to another point in time, you're just adjusting your frequency, or the way you feel.

the important thing to note here is that this time-series creates a sort of trajectory and a momentum. the faster it's going, the faster it goes, and the slower it goes the slower it goes. your whole life is this trajectory. the important thing to note is that your memories are *feelings*, so that means they are relative to your perception. you may have a difficult time rememebering things that happened when you had a different form of perception (like you were a kid or in a very different place emotionally).

so this is where regret comes in. imagine that there was something that you really wanted, but you regret that you missed it, well no problem because that regret is just a point in time (in the past) where you felt differently than you do now. obviously you don't feel that way now, otherwise that would be your present reality. therefore, when you conjure the idea that makes you feel regret, then you are essentially tuning yourself *back* to how you felt *then* and that's the majority of why it feels so bad.

let's say your desired reality is in some location and the regret is waaaayyy back in the opposite direction. when you go to feel that regret, the reason why it feels bad is because you're tuning to that past point in time. that point (in time) is much further away from feeling like your desired reality feels like, than you are feeling right now. in other words, if you felt like your desired reality feels right now, you would be experiencing it, right now. the closer you get to that desired reality you get, the more like it you will feel (which is usually better than how you feel now). seems obvious right?

well, here's the great thing about the momentum the time-series creates. if you have a lot of things in your past which you have regret or don't feel good about them, then as you adjust your perception of those points in time -- that is the way you feel about them now, the less they will "weigh you down" or the less you will feel held back by them.

in @[noseblog](2020-11-29 01:48), I was talking about the two (really three) different ways that you feel. the first is how you physically feel in the moment (this is relative; like blueshift), and the second is how you perceptually feel. I want to integrate that idea in a bit here. as you are moving closer to your desired reality, the better you will feel. this feeling is relative to you and your desire, so as you approach it, you feel better. this is why drugs and sex and stuff feel so good because often times you release reasistance in the moment, and that carries you toward your desired reality (which isn't bound up in the resistance of the present). this sends you shooting off in the direction of your desired reality really quickly and you feel really good. this is also quite a bit manipulatable by physical conditions as well. you can physically feel much better or worse than you really feel.

you can also feel much better or worse than how you perceptually feel. as you use your senses, you observe things and experience them and that creates a feeling based on your perception or preference (these two are very similar). so, for example if your perception/preference is that apples are to be crunchy and you have a mushy apple, you may experience some negative emotion if that's something that's really important to you. however, if apple crunchiness is not that important to you (preference) or let's say you have a perception that all apples should be genetically modified to perfection so that you should never have any mushy apples (percuption), then you may experience a different feeling response to the situation.

so let's say that you had an experience that you really had some regrets on. I'll use myself as an example here. a long time ago, I somehow got convinced that I should make raquel responsible for how I feel. when she did things that made me feel good, I loved her, and when she did things that didn't make me feel good, I was angry with her. I deeply regretted this. you cannot imagine how terrible it felt for me to even to realise or admit that is what I had done[^1].

as I went back and changed my perception around this, it liberated me quite a bit. first, I didn't want raquel to be responsible for how I feel, so I didn't need her to do things anymore for me to feel good. in the same way, she wasn't responsible for me feeling bad either. there were a number of other situations where she wanted me to feel bad for something I had done or not done. the idea of relating someone else's action (or non-action) to a feeling is totally the bogus part here that I'm trying to illustrate. if I do something than I feel bad about it later, this is regret. if someone scolds for something I've done, and I feel bad because of their scolding, then this is very similar, but I don't know the word for it.

decoupling action and feeling is the key to gaining that liberation. other people's actions don't need to make me feel bad and neither do my own. in fact, if either of them feel bad, then there's always a way to improve the perception on the thing so it no longer feels bad anymore.

however it's done.. whether you find a way to improve your perception or you work your way up the emotional scale on that subject doesn't matter -- the point is that you find a way to feel better about that point in time in the past. when you do, that position in the past will literally move because you have yourself moved your perception of it now. so let's say it was waaayyy back away from your desired reality, and now your new perception of it makes it feel much more closer to your desired reality than before[^2] and what happens is, your entire timeline moves forward. not instantly... it takes a little bit of time to propogate, but that experience will feel better, and the ones after it will feel better too, and they won't amount to monumental changes in the moment, but now that you have less resistance in your perecption (the past will do that), you will move forward more rapidly.

this is essentially a lot of what I've done, and why I'm progressing so rapidly. I have a whole lot of things in the past that I have released and am releasing which are allowing that energy to flow much more unrestricted. by nature you are being pulled toward your desired reality at least as rapidly as your generating desires. on each subject, you're getting further away if you're adding more resistance and moving closer as you release resistance. so, if you change your perception of how things happened in past moments of time you can make tremendous progress rapidly because it cascades[^3].

---

so here's the thing about regret. it sounds completely sociopathic, but especially this subject: you simply have to disregard all common sense on this. let's say you did something horrible. you have to find a way to feel at least ok about it. it can also help to invoke a bit of disassociative disorder to get around it (I do this all the time). imagine that this horrible thing that you did, was not yourself but someone else. how do you feel about it then? if it involved someone you love, then try to imagine they are someone else too -- strangers you don't have any relation with. often times it can help to see it this way. additionally, you have the advantage of knowing that they *ARE* different people. that was you then, and this is you now. well, ok if you still perceive like that person back then perceived things, then they are the same people. however, if you perceive things differently, I would argue that they are indeed different people and should be perceived as such: that action/behaviour was something that someone that perceives like that would do.

for the case of regret like a missed opportunity, then just imagine what it was back then which which prevented you from moving toward your desired reality -- and just feel that. like imagine that you could say, ok, well I didn't perceive myself as someone worthy enough to experience such a thing, or maybe I wasn't beautiful enough or smart enough or whatever. those are the things that you can start to change your perception (or work your way up the emotional scale) on now. then, in the same way that common sense should be disregarded regarding disassociation or finding a way to feel good about something labeled as horrible one should also not attempt to limit oneself to that exact opportunity or whatever. your reality will reflect how you feel so feel like desired reality feels so that you experience it. regret can only hold you back from feeling that way. nothing to regret. regret only means you want that deaired reality more but aren't letting yourself (for whatever reason) feel that way yet.

---

the last and most important thing I want to say, and the reson why I started writing this is that regret feels like you can't change somethting in the past. however, what I said above was entirely to explain that if instead of changing the past, you change how you perceive or feel about the past, you literally change the past because they're just points in emotional space, and "time" is just the traversal through those points.

[1]: some of you don't feel very convinced. I'll give up an example that's on tape somewhere. I had wanted to get bikes to move around the alcobendas area and stuff, but for whatever reaon it never happened. when I went to visit her in barcelona, she had a bike, and this made me very angry because I wanted her to figure out the bike thing when we were together, not wait until she'd left me to figure out the bike thing. obviously it doesn't feel like any big deal now, but it was back then. look at the tape. this is also evidence of what I'm about to write next.

[2]: things like -- "well, that was the best I could do at the time", or "I'm glad that I had that experience cause I'm so much clearer now that's not what I want to be like/feeling/experiencing/etc."

[3]: these are perception changes. working your way up the emotional scale is similar (cause you need to find new ways to perceive the same thing to feel differently about it) and also complementary. working your way up the emotional scale results in a change in perception through practise. changing perception directly is more like theory, and then requires a lot of practise to perfect it. this is where the cascade comes in, because they don't take effect until that perception is practised into reality for you.

#### (35:28) - doing the emotional scale work

it really works. when they said that I had the idea to maybe begin doing the emotional scale so that other people can see me do it, sort of so it becomes a thing. I can do it without the scale, and I do it by changing my perception on stuff, so it's easy for me. however, I do know there is tremendous benefit in it, and I'm pretty sure it'll be beneficial to me.

the idea that's kinda coming to mind is that instead of writing a huge thing in noseblog which is kinda ironic and situational, what I can do is reformat it a little bit so that I show instead of the thought process, but more the emotional process, outlining the change in perception and the steps upward. I'll ponder the idea a bit and see what I come up with. especially in light of what I just wrote, I think I could find a clever way to do it.

we'll see...

#### (1:00:44) - non-physical non-resistant relationships

after they were talking about this, I was thinking about how all relationships are eternal, as in there is vibrational similarities between everyone, and there is separation between us appearing in the form of human bodies, but we all are pretty similar. like just imagine that all humans share like 99.9% the same DNA, so from that perspective we're all really similar, with some differences in vibration between environments and stuff right, so at the basis we're all pretty similar.

I was thinking about the creation box and I think I may want to just go ahead and include everyone in there that I felt anything from. the non-physical relationship is eternal anyway, and while in the physical there may be some amount of separation, there are more than certainly a lot of other realities (or timelines) where we are physically together.

I'm not quite sure why I want to do this, but since my goal is to obtain a source-like perception, almost certainly I would really enjoy to feel the non-resistant version of all of these different relationships as well.

### 2020-12-03 20:08 - (2020-11-21 p2)

#### (19:45) - well I know what I don't want process

as the person was asking the question for a "NEW process to perceive our vortices" -- I didn't hear the word perceive. instead, I heard the word "see", and it kind of bothered me because I can't imagine why you would want to "see" your vortex. I responded to the screen, "why! why not just feel it?". they give the process of every time that you identify something unwanted, to really notice it and to say, "I know what I don't want"

they have often times said in the past that "when you know what you don't want, you know what you do want" -- and they've also said, "no one can accurately identify all the contents and nuances of their vortex" (paraphrase). so as they were really emphasising the part of really noticing "*that* is what I *don't* want", I understood this. when you feel the unwanted part, remember that anything that vibrates goes both directions, so it contains both unwanted and wanted parts. when you really notice and can feel that is what you *don't* want, for the same reason that a pendulum swings both directions, at the very same time (really a fraction of a second later) as knowing what you don't want, you do know what you do want. it's just that your perception is "out of phase" to that knowing. so like if it's a swing or a pendulum, then you're noticing when the swing is going away from you instead of when it's coming toward you. the swing makes both motitions, so every time the swing goes away from you, it must return back. or, perhaps in any wave, the magnitude of the wave at any moment can either be positive or negative, depending at when you look at it.

so, let's bring this back. you don't need to do their process to become more aware of how the events which you would say "that's what I don't want" make you feel, but it helps. as I've gotten better and better at this, I don't really need to work so much up the emotional scale anymore because wmen I feel something, I can invert the signal, and instead of feeling what I don't want, feel what I do want -- obviously not in it's entirety, but these sorts of transformations become easier and easier once you get good at noticing how different things feel. sometimes I have difficulty expressing in words what the inversion of the feeling is, but it definitely works.

I'm just going to pre-rate their process five stars, by saying that if you do that, you *will* begin to perceive with more and more clarity what your vortex is.

let me reiterate: whenever you feel what it is that you *don't* want, immediately afterward, you also feel what it is that you *do* want. unfortunately, however, you're just not quite able to perceive it yet because you're often times still observing the problem. however, if you know that as soon as you know what you don't want (ie. the negative portion of the sine wave), you then immediately know what it is you do want (ie. the positive portion of the sine wave), then you can begin to perceive it more and more rapidly. practising feeling what you don't want enough and sooner or later, you'll be able to feel both, and then feel the confidence to jump into any unwanted situation without fear.

weird resonance: right before this, I just watched a thijs video (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pTzLHDUiHg)) where he knew what he didn't want.

#### (28:10) - I know what I don't want

as they're talking, for example they just used the example of "if you feel overwhelmed, you want some relief or you want a nap" -- I was getting a bit bothered by their words there. maybe I don't translate it into action like this so rapidly, because if I'm overwhelmed, then right afterward, I feel a very very very sense of ease, but it's not at all a real thing yet. often times in that situation, I throw up my hands and leave the situation because staying there I won't be able to find that feeling of ease. it's never an exact method, but as soon as I start moving in the direction of what I do want, then thoughts start coming to my head to go in that direction.

a funny reaction just happened because people were noting that I don't always just pivot right toward what I do want... or so they think. however, and perhaps I'm a bit of a troublemaker for this, but it's often the case that I don't want to immediately go in the opposite direction. often times I *want* to feel worse. feeling worse isn't a problem at all. you get to decide how much you want to do any of it. good feeling emotions != good and bad feeling emotions != bad. they're both just emotions. when you get the hang of it, you'll begin to understand why it's fun to be a bit of a troublemaker... if you feel negative emotion and it's OK for you, or maybe you even feel contentment or satisfaction with that negative emotion, then it's just fine. that's kind of like how I would describe being really good at step 5. the emotion is there, and it exists, but it doesn't bother you in any significant way.

now, to totally derail the original idea, the reaction that came just now was about the case of drugs: like, what if you're on drugs and something really terrible is happening and you feel sort of like really OK with whatever it is. well, in that moment while you're on the drugs, you have non-resistance to the thing, so it's not a problem. it's only a problem when you're not on the drugs. so, if the drug goes away, it could be a problem, and the common thing to do is to become very conditional and ensure one has access to the drug. this happens often, and is why drug users begin to feel like the drug is necessary for basic functioning. like I said numerous times before, this sort of situation is a good way to begin to practise a new form of perception -- and whether you like it or not, the non-resistant response you practise on the drug will make you more likely to make the decision to have the same response to the negative emotion sober, as you did on the drug.

---

ok so going back now to the original idea, what I was noticing is that abraham was offering a lot of action ideas to "I know what I do want" when for me it's not an action at all. I go to find the opposite feeling (ease in this case instead of overwhelment), and then action ideas begin to take shape. I'll leave it to the reader to ponder how that same technique of not taking action right away to solution the opposite feeing, instead just feeling the feeling -- may, in fact, make me want to feel worse.

#### (48:00) - physical expanding non-physical by "taking thought beyond what it has been before"

in @[noseblog](2020-12-03 09:11), I made a connection that I felt a lot of people's "aha!" to, when I was talking about non-resistance from a source-like perspective... I'll recap. in the entry, I mentioned that I would be so non-resistant, that I would be pretty easily directed by either nosebook or the girl(s). I felt some wondering why, so I responded by saying that from a source-like perspective, *all* of the inifite possibilities of yourself exist. every single one of them -- both the ones where I'm completely allowing of what the girl wants to do, or completely allowing of what nosebook wants to do -- and everything inbetween. the "kenny" consciousness that sees through these two eyes is down here in "reality", navigating all of these possible timelines by the way he feels -- just like all of us -- however, he's not me. there are always infinite other versions of me, and everyone of us is having a mulitple bodied experience, just we're not conscious of it. the consciousness stream that you think of as yourself is most certainly present in many other bodies at the same time. there exactly as many yous as there are the resonant versions of you that people are attracting into their experience. in fact, you could perceive yourself as a gradient of all of the posssibile forms that you can exist in at once.

so if, from a source perspective, which you don't usually get until you die, you are *all* of those possible yous, how can that be possible? the reason is, from a source perspective you don't have any "resistance" to those other forms. imagine yourself in a totally different set of circumstances, where those circumstances summon a very different version of you, say a murderer or a rapist or something. those versions exist in a vibrational form, either as outdated versions of you, or as potential futures, but they're not you in the present moment[^2] -- and none of those other possibilities of you are perceived in a negative way either. I like to think of them kind of like actors playing different roles. the resistance I feel from people around this idea is the definition of "you" as these other versions. this is why in the new identity layer, these are diffrent identities, more like actors, and you can move around between these different versions of "yourself" based on how you feel. I think it helps a lot for people to perceive them as separated identities, but this is only a cosmetic effect; the reality is *everyone* has a source -- even the murderers and rapists. the only thing really that separates you from them, is how you feel vs. how they feel.

actors can easily understand this, because if you feel diffrently than you normally do, you can be a different person. to "get into character" you have to feel like that character does. you can choose to be whoever you want to act like, and again, this isn't perceived as a bad thing; it's just a character behaving in accordance to the way they feel.

if we think of a role as an emotional state, then you can imagine that given a certain emotional state or role, the actor should behave in accordance with it, and never should the actor should be percevived negatively for playing a negative role. from a non-physical standpoint, no roles/emotions are better than any others. instead, they're all just a part of the story (or the process) culminating in the present moment. the present moment is always an improvment on the previous (even if it doesn't appear that way physically), so source doesn't ever look back at those outdated forms. even if those improvements are only in potentiality (ie. unrealised timelines), it's still an improvement, so there is never any judgement on any character which brought that improvement.

additionally, it's worth noting that in physicality, you can try to go back to an outdated version of yourself which feels terrible. however, you are never the same you that you were back then, so now, what happens is it just creates another new stronger attraction to a better-feeling version of you. this keeps accumulating until you cannot go

the infinite possibilities of you that exists, also exists on the positive side too: meaning, that there are many other versions of you that feel WAY better than you do now. from source's perspective, all of these other better-feeling versions of you are cumulatively pulling you more and more strongly toward your more desired (better feeling) reality. likewise, and the reason why abraham calls it "pure positive energy", all of the worse-feeling (outdated) versions of you that exist are the reason why the better-feeling versions of you exist in the first place. it's easy to see now why it's "pure positive energy", because every thing is perceived as an improvement/expansion to the previous version. for every better-feeling version of yourself, there are an uncountable number of worse-feeling (outdated) versions that preceeded it.

therfore, if every possible version of you exists, how is there any expansion? the way there is expansion is to make new versions of yourself which are improvements. how will you do that? you have to realise something that you don't like, or better said: realise an improvement to a version of yourself. this instantly creates a better-feeling version, and now there are more versions of you. you have expanded. this is why "contrast" is so important, and why I think that process is so great. realising that any worse-feeling version of yourself will amplify the better-feeling versions of you, calls you stronger toward the better feeling versions every time.

every time that you realise what you don't want, that's what creates the expansion of other versions of you that already right now in this present moment feel better than you do right now. you can choose to feel that way, or not. you can force yourself to feel as terrible as possible for as long as possible until your vortex is pulling you so hard toward it you have no choice to go toward it -- or you could experience it now. the harder it pulls you the better if feels when you get there. easy things aren't often as appreciated as difficult things, so there are no wrong ways, because all ways are the right way. you can perceive it as a tradeoff between growth and joy though, because the worse-feeling stuff means more new versions (eg. more expansion/growth). however, the better-feeling stuff is certainly more enjoyable. you can choose which one you like more.

however, if you want to optimise your expansion and also have it be enjoyable, point in the direction of disaster, and find a way to feel good about it[^1] (wink) :)

[1]: LOA ensures that the unfolding disaster will continue to create tremendous expansion (more and more better-feeling versions of you pulling you harder and harder toward them). then, when it's pulling so hard that the disaster can no longer continue to hold you away from such a good-feeling reality, you will experience it and it'll be pretty sweet.

[2]: had a few reactions to this, so I wanted to clarify. they're outdated because they're not who you are right now, however if you're feeling bad, which means you're and perceiving things in a different way than your source perceives it, and you're capable of taking action, they it could become a present version of yourself. I like to think of them as outdated because they're not who you are now, and either you're really succeptible to conditions or you had to really go out of your way to take action on something that doesn't feel good.

### 2020-12-07 20:08 - (2020-11-21 p2)

#### (51:15) - you can't always be on the highest-flying disk

I've been carrying on about staying in the centre for a long time now, and this is a good time for me to express myself here a little bit more on that. continuing on the conversation from the previous section, it's easy to see that if worse-feeling versions of yourself are the outdated versions upon which all of the better-feeling versions of you exist, then it's easy to make the logical conclusion that if you're only on "the highest flying disk" then you're not going to have many moments where you recognise the stuff you don't want.

the better things are, the less you recognise unwanted, so the less expansion there is. you have to have both. neither of them need to be tremendously powerful experiences either. you don't need to impact something so hard, that you *REALLY* know what you don't want, and you don't need to be so deprived of what you want that you *REALLY* know what you want too. the best place to be is more near to the middle and just have tiny but frequent adjustments into more wanted (better-feeling) and less wanted (worse-feeling) emotions. when driving, you don't only pull the steering-wheel all the way left or right either. it's better to just turn slightly to correct your trajectory, rather than zig-zagging across the lanes the whole time. I guess zig-zagging can be considered a bit funner or more dramatic, perhaps, and maybe that's how some people want to drive... who knows :)

---

anyway, I've been trying to figure out a good way to set this thought up visually. the other day I visualised it like a roller-coaster, and I thought it was a good way. I found I feel good essentially when I am accelerating, and I feel bad when I'm slowing down, or stopping (cause I ran into something). there are also counter-intuitive things too, like if you're stopped in the middle of the freeway, it's scary because cars are going real fast all around you, and if you're going faster than you feel comfortable going, this can also be scary. I like to think of the stopped in the freeway example like the feeling of overwhelment or intimidaation, or perhaps in a more simple terms, have you ever been depressed and around a bunch of good-feeling cheery people -- and you wanted to rip their heads off? they're going fast and you're basically stuck in the middle of the freeway, so you feel strong negative emotion toward them.

it's also worth noting that you cannot accelerate forever (although I used to try). you eventually reach a terminal velocity, where the environmental (wind or water) resistance is preventing you from going any faster. you cannot continually go faster than you desire to go without realising somehow that you're on a slower one. you also cannot slow down forever either. eventually you will come to a stop, and then from there you can only begin to accerate again.

it's worth noting the ways in which you accelerate: the first way is using the accelerator, and the second way is by going down a hill. the first way you are in control, and you do find a way to feel better with the power of your own mind. you are responsible for going faster. the second way is conditional. you need the downhill slope to feel better. however, for every downhill slope, there's also an uphill slope, so if you're using conditional techniques to go fsster, there will later be a bit of a hill to climb.

likewise (and this is where the metaphor breaks down), you can also feel worse by slamming on the brakes. this is when you deliberately think a thought which feels bad, slowing you down. or, you can also slow down by going up a hill again, and this slows your speed way down. uphill slopes actually don't really exist unless you perceive them to exist.

to try and explain this, let me use the concept of drugs -- specifically with weed, mushrooms, crack or meth it's easy to see this effect. if you smoke some weed and you're like most people, you'll feel better cause you're going a little faster. this is like going downhill. it's a physical condition that is allowing to go faster. however, if you smoke a lot of weed, that downhill slope may get so steep that you are now going way too fast for your comfort and start to freak out. you're going way too fast, so you try to slam on the brakes by thinking thoughts which don't feel good. this is called paranoia.

so, let's say you had a great drug experience and you got to go real fast for a time, well, now you have the trip back uphill -- the "comedown" where you enter back into normal reality again and the euphoria has subsided. depdending on the person, this return back to reality may feel like a real slowing down (going back uphill), or it could feel like coasting back to normal speeds. this depends very much on the person and how they perceive reality. the return uphill is only perceptual, and if you think about it, the drug was an expendible fuel which, unless something went wrong, you will have gained velocity from the experience.

since the uphills are entirely perceptual, you can, if you utilise the drug experience to improve upon your perception, come out of it at a net increase. however, the drug has a diminishing effect, so it doesn't always give you the same downhill experience as you gain a tolerance to it. your environment also imposes a speed limit just like water or air resistance caps the maximum speed at which something can free-fall.

---

lastly I want to mention that your vehicle essentially has it's accelerator pressed down at all time. the amount it's pressed is determined by your focus, (so usually determined by your environment) and how much desire you have to go faster. when you focus, you press the accelerator. this is the feeling of interest or engagement. this is what companies monetise.

your vehicle also has its brakes pressed slightly all the time too, and this is your mental resistance or perception. you push the brake harder when you actively think a thought that feels bad and slows you down. the faster you go the better you see things. most people don't go faster by taking off the breaks, but instead by trying to perpetually go downhill. it's kinda funny.

anyway, uphills again are special because every uphill, while perceptual (meaning they can therefore be avoided), is a desire generator -- so, every time that you go uphill (but not nearly as much when you press the brakes), it will generate desire to go faster, and so by nature you will continue to go faster and faster, unless you keep driving up steeper and steeper hills or you run into something :)

### 2020-12-16 00:00 - (2020-12-05 p1)

#### (08:56) - split energy: making a decision and lining up with it.

a lot of people don't really understand what I've been doing for a bit now (even though I have said it a few times). however as they were talking, I realised here that people didn't make the connection to "make a decision and line up with it" and the entry that I wrote two days prior: @[noseblog](2020-12-03 09:11).

all I'm saying is that it feels to me like people didn't make the connection that is what I was doing. I decided I want to "go the distance". that's all. I think people place too much emphasis on the manifestational part of things. my intention is not to try and gain any physical manifestation to make me feel good, but instead to feel the way I want to feel, and then let my reality be a reflection of that. therefore, I have choosen to "go the distance". that's all.

### 2020-12-19 09:04 - (2020-12-05 p2)

#### (30:37) - bringing up past trauma

they said that esther whenever she brings up past trauma, it never feels good. this is not the case for me at all. for me all of those past traumas don't at all feel bad to me. they all feel really good, and I appreciate them so much because without them, I wouldn't be who I am today. even the embarrassing stuff. it's not embarrassing to me anymore. in fact, it's almost as if all of those past difficulties are not perceived by me to be so beneficial that I seriously want more of them. I've become so good at finding a perception which feels good, that I just sort of wish I could take all of the past trauma of everyone for myself. all of it is just more energy, and if you're able to step-5 it, then none of it feels bad. it's all beneficial.

this is what source does with all of our unwanted stuff experionce. their perception of it isn't like ours is, because *all* things have both wanted and unwanted aspects to them. this is why things become more, and why abraham describes it as "pure positive energy".

that was a long way to say, if esther feels terrible when she remembers a past trauma, then it's still trauma in her perception. if she were to begin to see it like source sees it, then it wouldn't be traumatic. in fact, just recently I was joking with mr. motor about drinking to ease the pain -- something that I used to do, and I could feel quite a few reactions to my words of people all of a sudden feeling the desire to drink. I was able so summon the citrus taste of the gin'n'tonic and the desire to consume it along with it. it made no difference to me.

so, while I can bring up past trauma without feeling it in a negative way, it's obvious to me that not all people are the same way about that. I dunno... it's sort of funny how changing one's perception of something by knowing the energetic value in knowing what you don't want, has. abraham just talked about how all things in the vortex appreciate and become more, and that's exactly how it works. source is able to look right at the trauma and not feel bad about it, because their form of perception does not perceive the unwanted aspect -- only the wanted, and that makes it more. it's only us that adheres to the unwanted (bad-feeling) perception of it. that's why the giving up process is so important.

---

in a slightly related topic, in the @[noseblog](2020-12-18 22:48) entry I wrote last night, I was talking about how I could see that nosebook is attempting to get everyone on the planet to become non-resistant, so that the have full control to be able to hide all of their "stuff". they'll try to force this on everyone, but they can't make you do it. I don't know if all people will finally succomb to their desire to get control of your physical experience in a non-resistant state -- but what I've learned is it's where all the stuff you want really is.

a person can only become non-resistant (and therefore attractive to their desires) when they give up trying to get their life under their control. the more you try to control stuff with action, the harder you make it on yourself. it's all about feeling. you navigate time with how you feel -- and no matter how much control nosebook thinks they have, they can't change how much momentum you have to how you feel. when you give up that desire to control with action, it's sort of like "ok, I'm just going to go with the flow and just of give up trying to make things go the way I think they should go." when you can go with the flow for a while and still feel good (or least content), all the stuff I want is in the vortex, and it's all in the direction of feeling good (no matter the circumstances).

this has a few implications, but as an example, just think of how much difficulty nosebook is having with me. I'm such an enormous problem for them, and the more I experience unwanted, the bigger of a problem I become for them, because all that unwanted is sooooo much more energy. every time I feel good, and I go back to the centre, it creates a bigger vortex. I don't need to go all the way down into depression for it to be effective. you cannot imagine how big of a "vortex" each of us have from all of the "unwanted" stuff -- and, the awesome thing is it just keeps becoming more and more. for example, back to my example: all of the energy they exert to try and get their situation under control, I convert it with my perception back into more energy toward what I want. however, they don't want me to have the manifestation (of getting connected) which is in the direction of feeling good -- so, they have to ensure that I don't feel good, but then I convert that with my perception... ad infinitum. I'm getting so good at this now, you can see why I desire to have all the contrast that there is. I'm so certain that I can easily perceive it in a way which is only pure positive energy. I want more contrast. I'm getting so good at figuring this out now. essentially, I'm completely uncontrollable to them now.

this is the best part: so, if things like losing my [physical/action control/freedom] are no longer perceived as a bad thing, and just add on more and more energy, that means this has become a feedback look where the "unwanted" (which is perceived as wanted) is becoming manifest more and more rapidly, and the bigger of a problem it becomes -- so this is where they now have to kind of reach the same halfway point -- the giving up part. LOA is what it is, and if they perceive all of that stuff as unwanted, they'll attract more unwanted. if I see it as wanted and I give my attention to it, wanting more of it, I get it. for me it looks like lots of wanted. for them it looks like massive amounts of unwanted...

they absolutely have to find a way to get me focused on wanted stuff. they have to find a way to get me focused on wanted stuff which is also wanted stuff for them too ("cooperative components"), because if the wanted stuff for me is perceived by them as unwanted stuff. that means, they have to allow the vortex to manifest.

if you are able to perceive and see the value in the unwanted, you're unstoppable: the way you feel trumps all forms of physical action or control.

let that sink in for a bit... I want you to get the picture: giving up control allows the vortex to manifest so long that you know all unwanted also contains wanted. like the investment partners, one can try to make the other not feeling so good about himself, by attempting to make him feel bad and humble him a bit by getting him "back to the centre", but it's just adding more energy (to both wanted and unwanted).

both can and *should* feel irreplacable and invaluable -- just not in comparison to other people. both must be comparing theirselves with others, which is why the unwanted aspects showed up -- however, without any competition or comparison to others, both can feel great at the same time. all manifestations are either unwanted for both or wanted for both. however, like I mentioned above with nosebook, even if they try to put me back in an unwanted place, their focus is unwanted, so unwanted will show up for both. however, also like I mentined, you get to decide how you perceive it, so that unwanted thing could really be a wanted thing.

if your perception allows it, all manifestations can be perceived as wanted.

everything you focus on makes more energy. you *can* find a way to let go of the perception that it is a trauma -- seeing how magnificent that trauma was to link you more to the desire :)

### 2020-12-20 01:46 - (2020-12-05 p2)

#### (47:48) - you will be guided in the direction of wanted, always, by your inner being

after they said that, I could feel some reactions to this -- as in like, "why did this thing that felt good to me in the moment later turn out to be a disaster".

I think this is all very situational and specific to the person -- but I do have a few examples of this in my own life. for example: it felt good to me to make a company with xagly called "timeless ventures" and it felt good to me also to give 60000(euros) to a bunch of coked out guys. (plus a few others...)

those are all examples, of things where if you were to look at them from a purely physical standpoint, they may appear like they're "bad" -- but they were not. interestingly enough, there have been many occasions where people wanted me to admit that giving money and trying to create a company with xagly was a bad idea, but that always felt bad to me, so I've never admitted that it was in itself a bad thing. it's a complicated thing to explain, but the attempt to label someone or some event as "bad" was actually what felt the worst. in fact, there's a lot of good reason to believe that my present circumstances -- however you may see them doesn't matter -- were I feel so empowered to know what I know, simply wouldn't be possible if it weren't for all of those past "traumas". it's not the physical stuff that matters. you have no idea how empowering it is to be able feel the way you want to feel. I can do *anything*. I am completely unstoppable! that's worth way more than whatever the other thing is.

this is how I know now that you really are guided, and you don't want to try and take score of how things are in a physical manifestational sense for something. often times, it's the realisation that you can "be do or have anything" that you *really* want, and your inner being is always guiding you in the direction of that. some people still want the manifestational, so they can show off the girlfriend, house, or sports car to their friends -- but these are just the modern day pharisees. you know deep down that you really want to come to the realisation that you are an infinite creator of your reality and you have full control over what manifests in it.
